Chapter 2

As the demons now were more or less on their own, they started to attack humans to, simply to get their energy and aspects. This was not was Luciver and the other archangels wanted and so we good demons had to attach and finally eat them to get some order back. We released the human aspects in them, as we neither good demon aspects nor wanted to aspects, so they returned to their original souls which grow this way again to the old strength. My task was then to be the leader of one third of the demons, the second strongest demon got the leader of another third. The third squadron of demons was controlled by the third strongest demon. The third strongest demon did not want to be only the thrid strongest demon any loger and so simply eat on of my childs and one child from the second strongest demon, too. This was nothing we could tolerate, as we loved all of our childs as humans do, so we two united and finally succeeded in eating and thus cilling the third strongest demon. Luciver allowed to do that, as he neither liked that actions of the third. The legeon of the third strongest demons was distributed among us two stronger ones, so that now either one of us controlled one half of all demons of the world.

Chapter 1.a.)

Now the demons were on their own, and there was neither anything to do right now for them nor anything to feed themselves. The arch angels were first of all occuppied by healing their own wounds created by the attach from the Atlantean spaceships which went right through the dimensions were the arch angels were housing at that time and that created a problem of its own, as attackers as powerful as them were a real dangler form them too, and if we would not have destroyed Atlantis that fast after all what had destroyed many demons would have destroyed them too without any doubt, but allowed them never to recover that quick than everyone else than the Atlanteans that would have wanted at all for now, as they were needed more than ever. This was that important, because not only the humans knowed anymore what to do, but the demons did not know what to do either. Because of this, the weaker demons of us, I was still the strongest of us all after the war, were as hungry form humans to attack as one might think, and the same could happen sooner than one might want to think of today, as demons seem to be that far away from now, just because of that they have nothing or better not much to do anymore, almost as it was back than several hundred thousend years ago in the now fairly unknown part of the human history, which gets now unkovered by this book a little more than every one else might to want to accept right now if this book has to be reviewed more than one time, everone should read a different chapter on his own, as many chapters a difficult on its own and very hard to read and traumatizing on their own for man soft sided people not suited at all to read as a whole, but we will mention right at the top of every chapter or even subchaper whose content is very difficult to read or might traumatize soft sided adult people too, that this chapter is not the right for them at all to read. The the publishing company should give the task to read such subchapters as this one and the one of the human sacrifices and of many demons right now are the most difficult for now are the most difficult ones right now, but more will follow. The publishing company might want to give to read this subchapters only the strongest horror ready and approved reviewers and no one alse so far not needed for approval anyhow. As this is a truth story though it my be best suited for the horror ready readers at first and best suited for that publishing chapter first, as the whole book is about the interactions of demons whith humans and eachother, but only sofar needed for the human story to understand from the beginning to the top.

In this following chapter we demons did a lot to get to food and without violating any rules given to us demons and all other demons by the arch angels and beyond this time because no other human gods were involved the human god gaia of the earth was involved into making rules, too, but in principle gaia is on of the arch angels too, as she creates all earth quakes on her own, causes flooding on her own and causing distortions of the earths flora and fauna to getting the humans to follow the rules, too. The always uses the rules she herself created, earth quakes are following mostly existing fault lines and only very seldom breake she new fault lines into the earth, mostly when tremendous forces are interacting with the earth, most of the nowadays fault lines were created by the hughe earthquake of magnitude 12 on the Richtersscale the explosion of Atlantis caused by us demons to destroy Atlantis once and forever. Gaia had left the earth just one year earlier in the year 2024 but my influence her old refugium as long further as human need her to balance the earths ecosystem. This happened to show the humanity, as for most of the humanity this is not visible at all only for Shaumbra[R] and other groups channeling and angelic being who has told them that as Saint-Germain told them that. Continue what was supposed to do is more important as everything else we and others do right now. This was more important than everyone would think at that time over everything else which was told them by the government of Atlantis. This was more important than every one knowed, as there was more to happen than everyone could have knowed before.

The smallest and most hungry demons did now want to wait any further to get new energy and because there was nothing to for them at all they could use to get new energy at all. ecause they had waited a long time and were now geting weaker and weaker and over all less powerful than the demons they had eaten in the last demon eating cycle of Atlantis they remembered very well and how important it had been to be as strong as possible at every price to pay at all, so they thought tht it is on the time now to attack the humans again, as the demons had really hunger to new energy and the arch angels had still to recover themselve a lot more than everyone else could imagine now, and that not only because of the strength of the attack, but also by the fact that they could be attacked at all, as the arch angels thought they would be not attackable at all, left two extra dimensions between them and the earth and showed to attackable after all, as two extra dimensions were no problem for the Atlanteans at all. Now the archangels searched for a better place to hide and now are they doing that by moving from one place to the other, that was as successfull as it can be, they can now move from one place to another faster than one might think, and can now be called from every place on earth as well as every universe and beyond and one call them right now on every situation one may think. This was done in former centuries quite often, because even the catholic church and the orthodox churches in the same way allowed that as part of their religion to happen and told right away from every cancel in their catholic and orthodox universes and other cristian churches as protestants and others, too. Also the muslim accepted it right away as theirs and other easern religions had something similar, too, only not so deatailed as the christians, because they do not know the archangels with name but only as angelic beings they could ask for help, as they understand under angelic being on of them and others who might help others too, so grand ascended masters as Saint-Germain and others. This works for every problem one has, at least one will get an answer how to help one self or why it is not a problem at all. This might help others too, if they would ask loud and without any doubt if they should ask that at all.

Now were demons no angelic beings at all, so one would ask them for help at all, and at that time no one would ask an arch angel, too, as the arch angels did not want to tell that everyone at once, as they first wanted to tell it a small group to how many people at once they could help as all. At the end all people nowed that and a few hundret years ago their limit was almost reached, as more and more childs and adults would ask at any occasions for help, and that wanted them nobody belief, that they could help only a limited number at once, and so they priorized the once calling not very often for help and even stronger prioritized the ones calling the first time at all. This worked very well and brought the ones calling very often to call not that often anymore and the ones calling not often at all to call more often and the one calling not at all calling sometimes and the ones calling as often as could not to call anymore, as they thought that there limit of calls had been reached, but that was not at all the case, as there is no limit at all in there call, only should one not call the arch angels unless there help is really needed for example to get the reason for sicknesses, as almost every sickness, unless the soul does not not want to experience to die on that sickness, what can also happen, but is extremely seldom, as the souls use all sicknesses already to signal the human, too, that they are not very well on the path to their souls plan and to this purpose often also accidents and often needed repairs of working tools as cars are used and pets as well may take sicknesses away and signal the owner if he loves the pet enough what he has to change on him. The loved pets take often the sicknesses away, as often the owner loves his pet more than his pet, the demon inserting the sickness would often take it eve away from the human and insert it into the pet instead, because an owner loving his pet more than himself will suffer from an illness of the pet more than from illnesses of himself ad this would than make him think the more, if every new pet gets the same sickness again and again and dies on the same illness over and over again it is a much stronger sign than only single illness on himself could have given him, unless he loves himself similarly and ask a medium or even better directly an arch angel for help. A good medium will most often directly call an arch angel for help, as asking for others does not count as asking for one self.

As now the demons did not have anything to do they weak ones of us are hungry more than everything else and as they start to attack humans on their own without any purpose and goal at all, an arch angel kicks in and takes away all his power all at once and make him again a weak and depleted human soul he was bevor all the torture and all the terror he was experienced in the end days of Atlantis and beyond. After all it was clear that a demon by no means may attack a human without a reason, which happened at that day not once, but multiple times at once, and only the last attach caused such consequences as there were multiple less sevire warnings as the forced loss of a few aspekts to a human soul and so on. Such an violent useless in the sense of the human soul, deadly demon attach happened multiple times in human history again, never with so sevire consequences as the ones of the total loss of demonic powers as the one after all the nine prior less sevire warnings. The first time such a sevire punishment was stated by an archangle of the means of all, unless the same happened in the year 1983 in New Mexico USA right before a church in a small city caused [xxxxxxxxxxxxx]  a dead of an innocent human which was beaten to death by a force not known to any human at all. His skull was smashed to pieces, the toots were removed all at once and even his ancles were broken multiple times and even a broken leg was distorted in a way another human could never have done that to him at all. The attack was done by a demon, as by no means anything else this could have done to a human in a such short timeframe visible to many humans at the same time that something paranormal had in every case been active here. And what else should have done this than a demon statet even the Newspaper of that small city at that time paranormal activities were not known to anyone else than a few ghost hunters of that time already active in that area. They were directly called to the scene to the police, as they were already known by the police as quite reliable people. they could nothing else do as looking horiefiezed and calling rightaway 'Yes, this has to be been a demon attack, what else could have done that?'. They were not able to tell the police, of what else a demon was capeable else. He was actually powerfull enough to destroy the whole town and kill all its people at once with a single magical spell. This time he did this without any request from any soul at all, not from the soul of the man killed within a second in a horrible way, as all his pain reduction mechanisms of body and soul were removed by singel magical spell doing all at once without even tell the soul right now what would even happen to her aspect right now and even without warning her at all. This was not even forbidden by the new rule stated by all arch angels including Luciver, that by no means any demon might anymore kill or frighten more than necessary any human or torture and kill without the accordance and request of the humans soul at all. This attack was done in full public, killing one human in a very short but extremely painfull way no one can imagine how painfull it is as the human spirit has not time to release his body and all the pain reduction was switched off by the same magic as the body was distorted and killed by only one spell. This happened often in the past and most often directly done on the request of the own human soul. By no means this must happened after the 1.1.1973 in the current parallel world, as it happens in all 999 parallel worlds at roughly the same age. Only five worlds are actually behind the current one and four not more then one hundret years away from the current one, and only one has started a thousend years later. New parallel worlds might follow, as the arch angels might decide soon, as currently only five worlds left demons can use to kill humans for energy feeding un request of that humans soul or even without very sevier consequences if done without any public. This happens more often one might think of and every spirit as well as demonic or not, might interchange the dimension borders to another parallel world really quickly if it wants to. This might look like if there was no pressure at all on demons, but there are only five worlds of 999 left, one might imagine, how strong the demonic pressure in that worlds are for energy feeding of demons. As this is not wanted by the arch angels at all, all that demons at one in that few parallel worlds at all. They created a limit for demonic activity in a single dimension, as the limit for the current one is that low, that there is almost no visible demonic activity at all, and in the next four to reach our age pretty quick, this will become true in a few years, too. This puts a hughe pressure on all us demons, as the publically visible demonic activity as the demonic killing in 1983 in New Mexico was one of such type. This was already strongly forbidden by all three new rules at all. By no means must a demon show its activity in the public. By no means must a demon do a killing requested by soul by pure magical induced force only but use sicknesses and/or accidents to perfrom the requested death of that human. By no means must a human being be killed just for fun or energy feeding at all. All these three rules were strongly violited by one single magical spell performed by one single middle strong demon from the squadron of my best friend Alexander the third. Thi killing in full public with increadible pain and with request from noone alse except the demon itself, this was the most severe break of all new rules of all times for all 999 parallel worlds. This happened not only once, the same demon planned to commit that crime three times more, and did not only collect all the energy from the tortured and painfully killed human, but also from the frightened cloud all together. After that he driectly tried to eat alive the frightened human souls at once, to get stronger and stronger over time and to no longer stay one of the weaker ones than me and all my direct friends and allies of the highest demonic ranks of my own organization. This would have worked very well, if he would have been allowed to do that and there would have no one alse followed him on this path. But this was very stupid, too, than without any consequences he would stayed by no means any longer than a few days alone, because the pressure to eat this way is hughe on everyone, without serious consequences he would not stayed alone, and if others would have followed, than it would not happened only one more time in a row, but many demons might follow right at once, were only waiting if consequences would follow. And they did. Before this demon could even eat that terrified human souls aspects all at once, including that one he had just terrified for more than thousand years or more to follow only to process what happened to him right infront of the church. This would have made him stronger than everyone else and this a very welcome meal for one who wanted to be stronger than ever before, stronger than every one else before. And serious consequences happened only once for all 999 parallel worlds in the same parallel worlds as ours but hundrets of thousend years ago, for a similar case, but there were many more wihout so serious consequences, consequences the current demon was willing to accept right now and the others to follow would accept as well. But this is very a different case, not only were all the rules broken at once, but now all the demons would join in a terrible massacre, killing all the humans in one of the parallel worlds, likely the current one, because this world is a very special one, in this world Saint-Germain got one of the greatest ascended masters until now and maybe another human lifetime, if my mastery should not succeed this time Alexander will repeat his current lifetime in another prallel world with other parents, as his current ones are not in any other parallel world at all. Saint-Germain has copied various of his lifetimes into various parallel worlds, as there has no one as Mark Twain or Brian Stooker and various other authors, too, in this parall world, but this has the world of the mastery of Saint-Germain and various others been. Because of this Saint-Germain used magic to copy all those authors into this one by modifiing all following time frames at once, thus making all spirits belief that it really happened in the past. Because this does not always work as well as it should there is something as the Mandela[R] effect known. Because the high energy food pressure on all demons still exist and gets stronger every new parallel world passes the year 1973 in their development equivalent, the next four worlds will follow alltogether in the next 20 or more years to follow, it is extremely important to have the demon enlightment proven to be feasable for all of us, by the first one which might be our current Author Alexander Stein in his current lifetime if he succeedes in the following their is a visible path for a demon enlightment shown