Chapter 3

The demons were not afraid to take any task a human soul offered them, as Luciver has assigned them to, as human souls wanted their human aspectes incarnated in actual humans experience in to a hard and spice life, as needed to strength the souls experience profile as their actual power. It is not a wrong speaking to say that what not kills you makes you stronger, but actually killing them made their souls stronger, too, as a human killed by a demon was a very special experience by the souls, when the freed aspect returned to it. But it could take decades, centuries or even millenia until the highly traumatized aspects would return to their souls. First of all they would spend that time period as ghosts on the earth, mostly directly or closely to the place they got traumatized, often also wandering periodically from one place they got traumatized to other, processing what they have experienced. After finishing the processing as ghosts on the earth they would sometimes directly reincarnate into a new human life and would this way against the interest of the soul with high likelihood start to life a very simal life as they lived before, and that would the soul get angry and to call again a demon in to frighten to the bones and push him to a new for the soul more interesting track or even kill him right away, if small changes are not favourable to the. But to be in two following lifetimes killed by similar cruel ways by a demon would traumatizes this aspects even more, two similar traumatizations in two following years would not only add up, but rather multiply and thus much harder to release, adding now much more years, this aspects would not return to the soul. There are not only traumatized souls, but also many kriminals would fear some kind of additionally sentence in heaven or to go directly to the hell. A hell really exists in the earth near realms of the heaven, but to this place would go only souls which think of themself to deserve to go there, most often because they committed suicide and destroyed their precious body way to early, or because they comitted terrible crimes and think because of this they belong there, or because they made contracts with the devil or us demons to have a very successful and or powerful live. That works very well at first, as us demons are extremly powerful in supporting them, but at the end they spent often many centuries in the hell, so its at the end not really worth it for the human aspect hinself, but for many souls nevertheless an experience they do not want to miss. The kriminal human aspects which remain on earth often search for a free human child they can reincarnate in, add another lifetime as a criminal end repeat the same over and over again. For the soul even this kriminal lifetimes get boring over time, because the kriminals specialize themselfes often on certain types of crimes. Because they stay the whole time on earth, as we demons do, they most often remember there past lifetimes and this way also how to successfully commit certain tyes of crimes and how to get away with it without to be catched by the police. The souls getting bored of this then call us demons in, to end these series of criminal lifetimes by a series of traumata, caused by extreme frightening and terrifying deaths, most often by tortureing them to death or by burning alive. These criminal aspects are then be pushed away by from the earth and forced back to there soul, where they then are confronted with all their misbehavour and crimes collected of all these lifetimes. Such aspects most often do not like to return to the earth again, but at some point in time they will have to, will be forced by their soul to also have one or more lifetimes as good, but because of their bad past and thus very bad karma they get from their soul, as very poor individuals or people who will get often themselves victims of crimes or even frightening or torturing attacks of us demons. The strength of the bad karma, which is related with the strength of the krimes and how bad the own soul judges it.

Chapter 3.a.)

While the humans needed to go underground to survive as that type of human as today the majority is after the cataclystic explosion that destroyed Atlantis [footnote: The humans going underground followed a trace of crystals, specially created for this by the arch angels, which provided their magic sufficiently energy to create the tunnels and have there underground habitable conditions, including the ability to grow there all needed types of plants. The conditions above the surface were that harsh, that the few humans that survived above the ground were transformed by evolution to the human type known as 'bigfoot' or 'Sasquatch', they still exist today and are real, as we demons are], we demons got around 20 years after the explosion a set of new rules from the arch angels.

These rules are:
- The arch angel Luciver is the boss of all demons [footnote: So is the direct boss of the demon squadron leaders, as I was one the by far longest time of my life as bigfoot, now as I am running for enlightment, all arch angels including Luciver are my boss]
- The souls give the demons tasks to get them back on the path planned by the soul or kill them to get their aspekt home
- The task the souls can give a demon are frightening, torturing, creating sicknesses, creating accidents, kill the human by a method to defined by the soul [footnote: The method preffered by the demons was to kill him by magic on a very cruel and painfull way. This was allowed by this set of rules if the soul allowed it. These rules were the only rules for the by far longest time in human history.]

Chapter 3.b.)

The tasks we got from the souls were mostly not easy to fullfill. Often got we the task to get a human, which was completely off the track the soul had carefully planned into almost every detail, to get fully back on track. Often we got first a every wide range of frightening and torturing magics allowed from the souls. As we had almost everytime no way to directly speak to the human himself, we were only in rare cases successfull to really get him on the right track again. Nevertheless, we could use the frightening and even more the torturing to refill our energies. After we performed that over a longer period of time without getting him closer to the wanted path, the soul often lost the patience and gave us the task kill him in our own preferred way, because she wanted to experience how that really felt. After we executed that order in our way as the soul had told us, which by the way provided us the by far most energy of all, what we had done to the human. The effect on that human aspect that was tortured that cruel way, that he was traumatized for 1000 years on average and stay often the whole time period at the place of death as Ghost, but after that experience is processed, also this human aspect is significantly stronger than before. After several thousend years enough such aspekts had returned to the souls that the souls, who worked mostly all the time with the same demon, did not want to experience always exacly the same type of dead again, instead each time a different one. So we used from then on each time a different spell creating a similarily painfull dead, but one which was different to the last ones. We did this because such a painfull dead provided us with the most possible energy delivering we afterwards only needed to collect. The souls were for the first also sattisfied with the new strategy, but at around 20000 years after the cataclystic explosion they wanted such a painfull dead only for cases that the human aspekt reapeted a very similar wrong life path multiple times in the row and made this way and the soul got really angry about that. The same is practiced even today, the only difference is that today toh create an obviouly paranormal and demonic type of death is vorbidden for demons. Because of this the demons have to create today if the soul is because of multiple lifetimes in the row on a very similar wrong path extremely angry on the human, the demon has to insert a very painfull deadly sickness into him, for example an extremal painfull type of cancer were if the angry soul requested it, all pain reduction is prevented by demonic magic, so that neither pain reduction mechanisms of body and spirit work at all, nor pain reduction medicine has an effect on him. Nevertheless, because this now gets distributed over a longer time period, the tortured human could still remember that he has in his whole life and even at this terrible possible end the possibility to call the arch angels for help. Doing so, and in this situation an arch angel and also the demon who applied the horrible pain on him will carefully watch his thoughts, too, for the case he is not able speak load and self confident, only the wish to place such a call to the archangels is sufficient to stop all the pain for a moment. Even if he stops havings such a wish caused by doubts kicking in, the reappearing pain should tell him directly, that he just reentered a way to the right path and left him right away with the doubt. If he now recreates the wish and wants to call the arch angels again the pain will disappear again and even if he doubts kickin again and he returns the whole cycle a few more times, the doubts should disappear over time. Even if this started right before the final phases of dying, the demon watching him and collecting the pain energy will now slowdown the fast progrssing killing cancer growth enough to get the cycling stopped. By the way, in each more cycle occuring to him the demon has the good opportunity to collect the energies set free by the pain. Such energies are not visible at all to living humans, but can be collected by any spirit of any type. The human having enough to eat gets by the food way more anergy than he really need, and the body selects only the energy resources best suited to him and his micro biom and discards everything else.

If the cancer patient now really calls an archangel is the death process together with all the pains stopped not forever, but as long as the maybe already almost dead cancer patient it will now wait for the answer from the arch angels to receive. The arch angle will now ask the soul in which direction he should go from now on and the soul is very happy to hear that her aspekt has asked an arch angel in his very last moment and is very happy also to provide the information needed by him to get on the right path again. If he reacts now in the direct response received from the arch angel in the right direction his soul want the demon will let the cancer reduce himself to a level a normal live is possible again, fully dissappear if he stays long enough on the path that his soul aggrees to remove it completely the demon attached to his cancer will be happy again to do so.

Even if the cancer is completely removed from his body he might soon be reintroduced to his body, likely now in a different place of his body, at this state the soul is not angry again at all, only to be prepared for the case she will be even more angry before at a place were it will cause at the end an even more painfull and slower death than before, even to give the cancer patient now even more time to react, as he has already done before, when the cancer reached the first time the final end phase of its growth. If the patient wanted to avoid it competely, he would only needed to ask an arch angel again. The exact name of an arch angel is need for this not important at all. Even if the cancer got removed completely, he might not have been good enough on hin correct path that he found any fun in it at all, because the cancer could not stay very long in a contant state without loking strange to the doctors and letting them want to investigate that further, they would not have needed at all, as the growth behaviour of the cancer would have been directly related to the behaviour of his patient regarding his soul defined path. By paralleling it long enough not to far away would be sufficient for the soul to aggree its removal, only to let it reappear, if he would for a too long time stay paralleling the path of the soul without coming closer. But most humans would not ask the arch angel again that soun, even if the cancer reappeared they would know that there is a long way to go, until the cancer gets as strong again as it was before, as all the medications he would get will slow it down a lot. The demon could prevent it, but he will not do, as the longer the cancer takes to grow, the more time is available to ask an arch angel again to ask the soul how to get even closer to the path planned by the soul. Directly on the path he will experience a much better live than he expected to experience at all, much better than he had experienced it in his current live time at all, and if he was supposed to die on cancer in such a painfull way must his soul been really angry on him for not only been off path, but for beeing always on exacly the same path, for doing all the same and also avery live time again the same errors and over and over again over various lifetimes. This happens more often than one would thing, many aspects are not satisfied at all with their last lifetime, as the soul would have planned something different for them, but only if the current lifetime is too much different from the planned path and at the same time also very similar to the past lifetimes of himself, so exactly the same aspekt, some souls get actually similar angry when the current aspekt directly copied a lifetime of another aspekt of the same soul. Most souls vorbid this by all means, some get by violating this rule similar angry as if it actually was a liftime of the same aspect.

Even if the path is paralelled for a longer time, the human aspekt might not like it at all. In this case it often happens, the human aspekt takes the tragic dession to simply continue on his old path with had caused his first cancer. This will have the same consequences as before, but now will the cancer even be more painfull and longer lasting than before, and in the most often and also most tragically cases, the patient rememers very well how hi got rid of the cancer the last time, but as he not liked the path he was on, that he does not like the path at all his soul has created for him and he tragically decides to not ask an arch angel again. He does that because he thinks that the provided information had in an overall look not helped him at all. Nevertheless, there were plenty of signs available to show him, that the path he had choosen was in the eayes of his soul still not the correct one, but a better one than the one he was before on. First of all that he did not like it should already showed him, that it was not precisely the correct one. At that time he could already asked an arch angel again, this time really with self confident strong and loud voice. This way should the arch angel provide with a much more precise information to exactly find the path planned by his soul. Finding it with the first attempt when one is that far off that the own soul is that angry on one, that she already planned shuch a terrible death for him in the case that also this does not get him directly on her precise path again is very unlikely. A second or even a third attempt is very often needed, sometimes even a fourth and a fifth, rarely also sixth and seventh, very seldom even more are needed if one is that far off as described above. Tragically the above described error to stop already after the first attempt happens far to often. Because of this not few humans die a very terrifying death after a series of failed lifetimes and then spend a thousend years as ghost as at the place of their death.

Chapter 3.c.)

We demons were not very satisfied with the low success rate, though it provided us with large amount of energy by all the torture and painfull killings, and the souls were also not happy with the low percentage of 1 to 2% of the humuns really following roughly the carefully designed paths from the souls. Because of this we demons and the souls worked together in developing many tools to improve this situation. The first tool we developed which is still used strongly today were destiny hooks. They have the effect, that at a certain point in time, or at a certain development stage of that human being a certain predefined action of a priviously asked and defined demon takes place on him, it can be something good, or at first look bad or even terrible. Today can this be a win in the lottery, which has often were bad consequences at first, because all the money is fast spend for something useless at the end, the job was given up, and the human will have to start completely new from the beginning. Hopefully directly on the path, the soul has planned for the second part of his life, because at just that point in time the conditions for the path are just right, and that path should already for a long time one of his strongest dreams.

Another such action could be the death of a really good friend long before is time, assumed by the humans. For this to happen, also the soul af the friend needed to agree in the destiny hook before both lifetimes started. The removal of destiny hooks can be requested also by the human being himself from the arch angels, when a certain enlightment stage is reached. Becauese of that stage, a normal human has to be able and needs to decide every important next step on his own, if he is the first to finish the enlightment, he will after gie after the enlightment is done, give his name from his last lafetime to his soul, which is now an ascended master, and will also be at least from now on the highest leader of all aspekts now called facets of that master. But to stay a good leader, we have to participate in the work, as long as he is too busy or in a new lifetime, just for fun and learning / strengthening or for a higher goal, the highest ranked available deputy aspect now called facet must overtake the leading position for a time.

The death of the friend could destroy his self confidence at first and get him then on a completely new path, also planned by this soul for the second path of his lifetime. This makes it easier to define a path really followed by the human. This often works, but too often is there one human not following his path getting many others off their path, too. This most the time his not an big issue for the soul, if the lifetime of the perturbed humans are still sufficiently unique. That would then still provide new and valuable experiences to the soul, even if the triggering conditions for the destiny hooks get never fullfilled. The demon will have to do a lot other task, too, espacially to avoid, that the perturbed humans do not fall back in to old patterns from previous lifetimes and start to repeat exactly their behaviour and also their errors from these past lifetimes. This is most often a very difficult task, and often not successfull, because the attachment to the old patterns is othen strong and hard to release. Another reason for the very painfull death, because that is afterwards also connected to the old patterns in the memory of the human aspekt. That way the old pattern will be released and more than a thousend years later, after processing all that, the human aspekt will be stronger than ever before. On may think that souls and demons are evil beings, but demons following the rules as most do, only do, what the soul requests and they need for energy feeding to stay strong enough to fullfill the tasks from the souls with all their aspekts, if the souls aggree. And if one thinks the souls are evil, one needs to consider, that each one of you, after your current lifetime, when you returned to your soul, will request the punishment of the other aspekt, currently a human being, if he/she does do the same errors as you did in your last human lifetime, will request the same torture and the same painfull death, as you experienced, also for the currently active one. Almost all human souls consists nowadays only of aspekts which lived already as humans on earth, so each soul consists defacto of thousands of former humans which take all decisions about punishments for the aspekt currently as human on earth together. And as already told, each punishment from the  This way the horrible and painfull punishments stayed activ over all the time. This makes all aspekts stronger over time, as the spell, 'What does not kill you, makes you tronger' is very true for human aspekts and demonic ones, too. A painfull death never kills the aspekt himself, always only the human body. 

Another method demons and human souls developed together are destiny patterns. These patterns come into place to avoid the repetition of errors from previous lifetimes, by a larger set of predifined demonic actions on the currently active human aspekt. He himself often contributes and aggrees to the planning of the hits he will receive if he repeates certain patterns and errors of previous lifetimes to avoid repeating the following errors, too. By this, he somehow already knows in his subconsciousness what will happen if he stays on that wrong path. As each hit staying on the same wrong old path will in this case get stronger and more painfull within time. And because he in his subconstciousness already knows what will follow next, it is a highly effective measure to prevent an aspekt from following always the same paths. Ofcourse, in the rather rare case, that this pattern completely fails, there might still wait the horrible painfull death at the end, in the old times by direct demonic magic, nowadays rather by cancer or other very painfull illnesses, or an horrible accident initiated by the same demon reponsible for the pattern hits. Ths often causes changes of the path, but seldom anyone to get the preplanned path. 

A special type of destiny pattern is the well known karma, also developed by us demons and the human souls together. The karma exists in various variants, who is a notorious theft in one lifetime will be the victim of many thefts in the next lifetime, and so on. A murderer in one lifetime will likely murderedin the following lifetimes. Usually will he for each murder he commited be murdered at least one time in his following lifetimes. Sometimes already at a very young age. Someone who is extremely rich and greedy in one lifetime and sits there only on all his money, without investing anything in a good purpose, will stay extremely poor with maybe just enough to eat in his following lifetime, fixed by his bad karma. Then will always every attempt fail, to get more money than he really needs to just survive. An attached demon aspekt will verify this and let everything else fail in that lifetime by his magic.

Chapter 3.d.)

Also invented were at this time contracts of humans with demons. These contract exist in different variation, each participating demon uses at least one special own variation. The contracts work that way, that the human wanting the contract has to perform the calling ritual for one single aspekt of that demon, which contains at least as small sacrifice. For these group of demons, the calling sacrifice is most often a small amount of blood from a caller or a small to midsize animal to be killed in a specially defined way. These contracts have often the target to get much more rich, a much better health, a much longer life and so on, and the price to pay is than multiple centuries in hell. Signed is th contract with another small sacrifies, another small amount of the own blood, or by drinking a glss of an alcoholic drink and then destroying the glass, and so on. If the demn accepts the contract now as fixed, he will destroy as sign something by his magic, for example the sourrinding windows of the building within the ritual was performed. Next will the demon fullfill the wish of that human, for the soul of that human is such a contract most often an interesting new experience, but the demon will not accept a contract the soul of the asking human does not accept. But the later rarely happens. After the human died, something implanted in him gets active and the aspekt will on its own go for centuries in the hell.

A group of small and midsize demons made their names and calling rituals know to humans just for the chance to get called for such a contract. Their logic is, that even if these rituals are also used against them, to confine them in a sealed cave or so, he will never stay there very long, because the next one calling him back to have acontract with him, will not be very far away in time. Many, but by far not all, of the successfull musicians today signed such contracts with us demons or even directly with the devel, a human made evil entity, not to confuse with the arch angel Luciver who does not sign contracts, the devel copied his contracts from us demons. He is by the way not at all our leader, and is also byfar not as powerful as the strongest of us demons.

All human aspekts who left the hell again tell, that it has not been worth it, they better should not have signed such a contract. Nevertheless, all demons love to sign such contracts. Because of this, signing would also work with all the other demons, one just needs somehow to know how to call that demon, maybe with help from members of his cult.

After a long time this is still all working together with the human aspekts who want to live a better liver their karma allowed our their soul had planned for them. This is very important for demons, because such a contract allows them to collect lots of energy from the human aspekts in hell. Nevertheless, the hell was created by themselves, as everything in the new earth realms of the heaven looks as the human aspekt wants (See ref: What dreams may come true). If they think they belong into hell, they outomatically create their own hellish place in hell.

Chapter 3.d.)

There are a lot more other reason to got to hell, than a contract with a demon or the human created devil. The most often case to got to hell is a suicide, because after the death, the aspekt realises, that the reason for their suicide was not good. The reason that they felt so bad before, simply was that they left the path with their soul had created for them. They were instead very likely on a very similar path in their last life. Instead of killing their self, they should have simply asked an arch angel, what they did wrong. That would be much simpler than to kill themself, and the answer would have helped them the path of their soul, which would make them really happy again. And instead they killed themself, destroyed their body and left the path of their soul finally. This happens more than one think. Many old humans simply stop to drink enough, and that kills slowly, as they wanted it. But even this gets them most often into the hell, as they see directly after their live how far away they were from the path of their soul. If they asked an arch angel instead they would have got an answer to get closer to the path and by this they als would again got much healthier and happier at least for some more years.

Chaper 3.e.)

Criminals are the people who one think of would the first ones to go the hell, but if they did just what their soul wanted they will simply go back to their soul. Ofcourse, if they were criminal simply for themself, they will most likely not want directly on the soul, instead some got directly to the hell, but much less often than suiciders. But also many of them were happy as criminals and simply stay as ghosts on the earth until they find a baby, were they simply can reincarante and then when they are old enough simply continue the criminality of the last life, what they most likely als still rember. If their souls have enough of this, she will simpy send a demon to kill them, and if they made their souls really angry on the demon would them kill on a very painfull way. 
