Chapter 7

After 4000 further years it was clear to me, that I should have another human aspect to learn more about how the human life really is what would have allowed me to do my demon work for the human souls in a much better, way more precise than before. My first human aspect did not help me much with this, as she still not had returned to me until then, so I did not know anything about her internals. So I decide to choose a human child and push her original spirit out of it. Ofcourse, I did not do this without asking her soul, a friend of mine, for allowance and she allowed this rightaway, as this girl was already in her young age of only six years again further off track than her soul had experienced that with any of her aspects before. Initially, she had asked me to kill it, but as her parents were by far not that strong of the track her souls had defined for them, and the dead of her beloved child would have placed a hit on them which could have caused just that to happen. So I went into her, pushed her intial spirit, the off track aspect of her soul, out of her by pure force and will power I had a lot available at that time, and then I left a single aspect of mine inside her. For the pushing out I used twelfe aspects at a time, using even more might have directly killed her young body, as the needed force was immense.

This girl went as the one 4000 years before an evil magician again one would call a with because she was a woman, but because of the sinister methods she used no human of that time would have attributed the terrible things happening around to her. She was as her older soul sister known as very good healer and lived again in the southern part of africa. On interesting single story of that time is, that a very sick young man, which was in this state because he was quite off track from the direction of his soul which had multiple demons given the task to create an individual sickness for each issue she had with his behaviour. My aspect healed all the issues at once by using one strong healing spell neither with getting him on track again nor telling him at all what his soul wanted. He directly fell in love with her, but she did not reply his love and moved out of the area he lived in quick. That was not good for him at all, because of the strong spell his soul did not find any demon which could help her in introducing the issues again, and at the end she saw no other option than asking me again to send another aspect to kill him right away. I send one of my strongest aspects which succeeded to do this right away, because he used a spell which was much stronger than the ones this evil witch could create.

After she had reached an age of 84 years, a really high age for the southern africa at that time she only reached because of the use of her own magic, I could not watch any further the evil thing she was doing with her magic on earth and beyond. Because of her strong magical power no other demon was willing to accept the task to kill her, as she could have easily used her strong magical power to destroy the send aspekt completely. Usually no soul wants to use one of her childs to fight another child called aspect, but in this case I had no other choice than to use the same aspect again, with killed her unwanted lover, and after a fight running over two years he at the end succeeded in introducing and letting grow cancer inside her which she could remove with all her magical power, and at the end she finally did. She showed exactly the same behaviour as her 4000 years earlier sister, until today she does not see any bad in her evil behaviour and did until today not forgive in to have killed her human body 1000 years ago. Neither she accepted any further work as a demon, nor did she return to me until today. But she also went roughly at the same time as her early sister into the body of my current human aspect, the channeler of the first version of this text, Alexander. Even not as much depleted of energy as her earlier sister, even she did not succeed often in having a bad influence on him.  