Chapter 8

Another 900 years later, more precisely in the year 1921, I got again the impression to need one more human lifetime, as the two earlier aspects did still not return to me. I found again a soul which initial wanted to kill the six years old human child her aspect was incarnated in for being too far off track from her plan. This time it was a boy located in the southern part of Germany. She instantly allowed me to push his sprit, her aspekt away, to let him directly return to her. That worked out very well and I placed again one of my stronger aspects inside this boy. But he again went fast off the track I planned for him. I investigated later why this all the time happened and also fast found the reason: The human brain has its own memory, there is not only the spiritual memory ever human or demonic aspect has on its own which was long known to me. In the human brain is always also saved the wrong path on which the former owner of this body, the human aspect has been. By this then the path my demonic aspects which have overtaken the body of the childs get strongly influenced by this old very wrong path. The result is then some mixture of the old human path and the path I had planned for them. So this way I got to the conclusion, that pushing away a human spirit is not a good way at all to get a human life time. Though their a human childs much better suited for this, their souls would never allow this as they are then not far enough off track. Doing this without the allowing of the soul would have been something similar as killing them without allowance of the soul and thus strongly against the rules every demon has to follow, which ar created by the arch angel Luciver in accordance with the other arch angels. Their punishment at that time could already have been the loss of all demonic power and this I would never have risked at all.

Already five years later, against all pleasing of his parents, he joined the just found NSDAP jouth organisation Hitler Jugend, which was just found by this evil party in that time. He contributed to almost all their crimes which were committed within his reach. Just as his earlier soul sisters he remembered that he was a demon and also how to use his demonic magic and used it to kill many opponents way of the Nazis in a very painfull by inserting into them the worst sicknesses of all as cancer and many more. This he did mostly against the will of their souls. Already short before the second worldwar was started by his party, he joined the "Waffen SS" and killed many enemies, by far more using his demonic magic abilities than with the mechanical weapons of the time. By this he looked to his bosses much less an effective fighter than he really was, because all his magically performed killings were not attributed to him. Because he nevertheless was counted a very reliable person to them, he got the jeep driver for SS officers. He used his magic abilities to learn very fast to drive the way the officers of the time wanted, so as fast as possible even on the worst dirt roads and with a breakneck pace even around the sharpest corners. By this he got soon the driver of an SS general. In this position he observed also many cruelties of the Nazies, observed many mass killings of innocent civilians which went far beyond what he was used to, even as the demon he has been since the times of Atlantis far beyond our history. Triggered by this he realized that he was not really fighting for the correct party in this war. Nevertheless he did not openly revolt against the Nazis what he easely could have done without any danger for himself, instead he used his magical abilities only for healing. He healed many civilians and soldiers of all involved war parties, at the end he has rescued this way by far more lives than he had ended. In the year 1944 he drove with his car on an anti person mine. This could happen, because he at this time concentrated really all his magical abilities on the healing and used it not even anymore to detect mines upfront his car. Though it was ony an anti person mine, the explosion was strong enough to get the car offtrack and finally overturn. Neither he nor his general got seriously injured at that point, but they could not contiune their travel as the jeep was damaged beyond repair. Soon they were approached by russian soldiers and had to fight on their own. And now follows a scene which was the first my Nazi son showed my son Alexander, the current channeler of this story. The general is brawln him several commands to, but at the same time he is hit by a deadly bullet fired by one of the approaching russians. Dying he thinks no I am not able to follow any commands anymore, the war and my current livetime is over now. Then he dies and falls into the mud.

After this he realized that he did not ask bevor any of his magical actions any soul of the affected humans. As well as magical killings all magical healings may only done by any demon on the request of the souls. Everything else is strongly against all rules the arch angel Luciver has created in accordance with the other arch angels for the demons. Because of this also he did not return to me until now, but also he joined roughly at the time my son Alexander. But in contrast to his two earlier sisters he did not try to lead him on a bad path, but instead he helped him learn. Because of some disabilities he would have needed much more time to learn most body movements including speaking and much more. With the help from my former Nazi son he did not at all recognize at that time, learned many of this much quicker than many others in his age did. When Alexander wanted to learn car driving in a driving school, he silently overtook with the effect that Alexander could drive instantly with his very first attempt. But a sideeffect of this was, that Alexander overtook also his driving style from the war, with the only difference that it was important for Alexander to at least roughly follow the traffic rules and limits, which also my Nazi son accepted which unnoticed by Alexander performed all his driving from the background. 