Chapter 5

Now I am on the path to enlightments and my rituals do not work at all, as they are useless because I do not need to follow the old rules anymore, as an enlightened being is a master on his own, following only the rules for enlightened beings and not the one for their own species. I might not attack humans anymore, the only exception to this is selfdefense, in that case I might use that magical features to help my son Alexander Stein. I got very tired of the work demons have to perform as there are now much better ways available a soul can tell their childs called aspects what they are doing wrong on their current path. This does not need to be done by hugh pain anymore, a smaller pain, or a list of smaller pains if there are more issues to resolve, would do this job much better. To get the information how the smaller pains can be removed, the human would only need to contact a medium, or a master in the sense of enlightment, as my son Alexander already is. But many souls are still far to much on the old path and request hughe pain for their childs. The arch angles tell, that this is needed, because these souls need to experience that pain, to learn. If that tortured aspect returns some time in the future, the whole soul gets its experiences and with this also the suffereing the aspect or child had to cope with. The path to enlightment is my way out of this terrible work. A little before one of my strongest aspects/childs incarnated in a normal human way into Alexander Steins child body in 1978, after the famous grand ascended master Saint-Germain had reshaped him a little to get him more human and also suited for the path to enlightment, I immeadetly stopped in assigning my childs/aspects to demonic task requested from human souls, but to the time this text is written, a few of my aspects/childs are still out there on their own. They must finish their tasks first, either with successfull getting the human they are assigned to on the right path, or by the dead of him, which they may infuence in time and manner on request of his soul by creating illnesses on him. The human will help to survive as a species the demons on their own, as they need them to create illnesses and accidents. All illnesses and accidents are demon created, illnesses and accidents do not happen on their own, human spirits have a lot protection mechanisms against accidents happening on workings they know how to do. These accidents are induced by creating small defects in their plans, which will destroy their doings when executed. This happens all the time. With illnesses its all the same, the demons create small defects in the bodies cellstructure or even its molecules, otherwise the human body would hill itself pretty quick from all injuries and defects on his own. This has to be repeated many times to keep a human sick on his own, to prevent his body from heal as expected. Nevertheless, to keep sicknesses and accidents to happen, there is not much to do for all the demons. Only vew demon can do this for a very large amount of humans. If there is not much demonic frightening and killing work to to, most of the demons stay unemployed and are searching new task on their own, otherwise it would be very boring and frightening for the demons themself, as there energy depletes over time. Only the frightening and killing work keeps them alive, as frightenend humans distribute their energies around, and the demon doing the frightening will collect them to strengthen himself. And if some one gets killed by a demon, there is even more energy to collect by the demon, as the killed human usual gets frightened first up to the core of his bones and then killed in a very cruel way, as the energies set free in that process are very healthy for the demon, too. As killing is forbidden now by the archangels and there is not much more frightening work to do. In the western and also richer easertn countries of the work, the frightening is basically done on ghost hunter groups using the wrong techniques and very silly and boring questens on ghosts and thus rather torture and bore the qhost than starting a conversation. My son Alexander watched a lot of this videos on his own, many thousands over time, and all the groups out there around the globe are basically asking the same silly questions. On his own, he developed a completely new technique in first talking and negotiating with the ghosts to get them tell the stories they have to tell. And then put there a running recording device and maybe a helping mobile phone app as the Necrophonic[R] if the ghosts request this. In manny cases a simple recorder alone may be sufficient, as many ghosts are able to create a human voice out of nothing on their own. This helps then the ghost, as they tell their stories they have to tell, and when the story is analyzed and put into a video on You Tube[R] or another streaming platform as there are many outsere now, some precisely specialized on paranormal activities as the german Ghost Flix[R] created by members of the german group of ghost hunters Geister Akten[R]. When their stories are published on You Tube[R] or somewhere else, the ghosts can release their issues pretty quick, and often move on pretty quick, maybe also to a different place on earth were they have unresolved still or they dictly continue in the earth close realms of heaven where they might have unresolved issus too to resolv, as there can be many things done in a way very close to things done on earth.