Chapter 4

In the middle ages we demons were feared as hell, as the souls very often asked us for help, as for example in europe the christian religion, which got strongly distorted by people in the higher floors of the church organistion to use it as an instrument of power by adding more and more fear creating text phrases to it and cutting away counteracting texts simply on their own. This almost reversed its meaning, as the original ancient texts, which were mostly channelings from angelic beeings as the archangels and should appease and calm down the people in a quite friendly manner and provide them with hope on something better after the death. But all the fear elements added to it pushed the humans in a way, the souls did not like at all, as it pressed them all to the rather behaviour, beeing were boring for the souls. Because of this we demons got as much to do as never bevor since Atlantis and even more than in most time periodes of the Atlantean history. The tasks the soulds provided us were often quite similar, and we had to push them against the measures of the church against the direction the church pushed them into. Many humans reacted on this by moving into another direction neither we demons, nor the souls or the katholic church liked. Because of this, the souls requested to join in again and frighten or extremer cases directly kill them. Because of our counter action to the influence of their religion, the katholic church and other similar distorted christian churches too, hated us like hell. This caused a larger war between us and the churches. We killed a lot employees of the church, because their own souls disliked like hell there work. We burnt down also a lot of churches over the time, which was allowed us by the arch angles if there was a larger risk that this could happen alone in awkward conditions. We have then only used our magic to verify, that awkward conditions really occurred and the fire really started and destroey that building. Such risks were in many buildings of the time, because in that time open fire was used to create light in the darkness. The churches on the other side invented the job of the exorcists which fight against us. They have no chance to kill us and could only really find one of our aspects, if this aspect over a longer time occupies a human, what some souls sometimes ask us to do. 

The arch angles had asked every single one of us already in the time of Atlantis to create a set of rituals which can be used to call us, one a human could perform, often including smaller sacrifieses as human remains to be completely destroyed or animals to be burned alive or cut into pieces alive and so on. Each demon had to have one ritual which calls just one single aspect of them to perform one single task on another human to be defined by the caller and one calling the whole demon. To have to have such rituals was frightening for us all as hell, because this caused a danger for us all. They could be used to confine us in far distant places as caves or human created tunnels which would then be sealed and closed away, adding lots of warnings in many different languages of that time. This the churches and especially their excorcists often used to confine a weaker one of us away, for a very long time. Following the rules from an archangle a weaker demon fears to violate at all, he might not move out there until any stupid human calls him right away to a different place by perfoming his ritual. This often happened over time, so the lock away was not endless. We strong demons fear the actions of the archangles not that much so confinig us does not work at all that way. My rituals, which included human sacrifices, were never performed at all, as I am the strongest demon and every few others knew my rituals and no one would fear anything else more than to be the traitor agains me, as they all feared to be eaten by me alive the most, taking all there aspects away to make them my own, my own childs. 

To be able to really fight a demon presence the excorcists needed to know the rituals of the demon to fight and find a place to perform it to confine the demon there for a long time, until that place would be destroyed or opened by humans or the forces of nature on her own. To get all the necessary details together about the needed rituals they had to torture the demon. To be able to torture the demon they had to torture the human the demon has occupied on the request of his soul. In such a scenario the occupying demon and the occupied human feel the torture and pain almost the same way. The excorcists created a list of demons with their unique names and their unique calling rituals and there as many details as known. So the excorcist would now want to torture the occupied human as long as needed to get the demon to tell his name and if he is not in the excorcists list of demon names also all needed details about the demon rituals. Only weaker demons revealed that information at the end to get away from that torture put on him. But we stronger demons never provided such information, so the existing lists of demon rituals does contain only weak demons which revealed their rituals often also to be called for making contracts with them, creating a lot of fun for the demon. And if the rituals for demons are along circles of people wanting to sign contracts with demons, the demon would never b confined very long, as the next human calling him for a contract might be right around the next corner. Callig only one aspect of a demon will call only one aspect in, but release the whole demon out of his confinement.

We stronger demons know, that the torture can also be used to still successfully finish the job given to us by the occupied humans soul. On the first view there is nothing the occupied human can do to end this, but indeed all he needs is to change his mind the way his own soul wants. The demon would tell that to him all the time, but most humans are simply not able to hear our voice. But the information might still somehow go into his subconsciousness and might from there somehow reach his mind, making him think its is own idea to perform when everything is over. In that case his soul is happy and the demon has successfully finished his job. He leaves the occupied human body right away, so that the excorcist counts this as great victory. But in reallity its the other way around. The demon has succeeded in pushing the human in the direction his soul wants him to got which is very likely not the direction the church wants him to go. But if now stays on the path his soul wants him to go will still experience a happy and successful live, but as soon as he might leave that path again, flashback to the torture by the excorcist kick. These are also provided by one of us demons, most likely the same that once ocuupied him.

But if that mind change of that human simply not happens his soul might at some point simply decide to better take him home and give the demon now the simple task to kill him. If that task is excecuted and the tortured human is dead the demon has at least succeeded in performing that small remaining task of killing him. This will ofcourse be a terrible tragedy for all the humans involved and related to that human, but from the view point of his soul, the boring and for her totally unintersting life does not need to be contiuned anymore, as she has already experienced many similar lifetimes in the past.

By the way, often it is just the torture the soul wants for her aspect on the wrong path, to use his otherwise from her view point rather useless lifetime to experience the torture created by excorcist atleast one time. In this way the demon provided with that task does not really need to occuppy that human, but simply create him a mental sickness, which lets the humans around and also the called excorcist think, that he is occupied by a demon. This way the demon does not need to experience the torture himself, but still perform the task often also given by the soul to kill that human at the end. This way he ends now the from the point of view of the soul useless life and creates a greate defeat for the excorcist and great loss for the family and friends of that human.

Chapter 4.a.)

It was in the year 1617 a.D. in the village Tattenhausen which is now part of the small town Dasing. There was at that time a young man living whose name is not important at all here, because some of his today still living ancestors in Germany and in the USA, too, who did research their ancestors some time ago alltogether, would be distracted from important task they still have to do. This young man went to church very often and even was an altar server over a longer time period. His own soul completely disliked that at all, had planned for him right the opposite, to fight the church every were it is possible without putting his own live at risk too much. He himself, and with that now not the human himself, but the human aspekt which incarnated into his body, so really himself, as the consciousness of every human is located in his spirit and not his body, were a lot of current scientist wrongly tell to have found it, agreed to this task very well before his acual lifetime started. He together with his soul had choosen together with the souls of the souls of his new parants to select them as parent, as their souls strongly disliked their strong religious paths, too. 

For the human aspekt incarnated into this young man was it simpy a special new callenge he thought of to have solved a lot similar in the past. He did not want to remember everything from prior lifetimes, as he knowed already most humans do not, and he also did not in his last lifetimes, which were very successfull nevertheless, too. So he had choosen his parents on his own, as already told as a special additional challence. The souls of his choosen parents had already competely given up heir current livetimes and had already planned an extremely painfull death for both together in a fire destroying the whole family altogether, killing the other children in a painless way which prior leaving the body but killing the parents, who had already three for the fathers aspekt and even four such lifetimes for his mothers aspekt, in a very painful way without any working pain reduction in a very hot house fire. The houses of that time consisted in that area mainly of woow and a few heavy stones as foundation and even better flamable materials as straw in floor bottoms and on the roof. As the poor family could not afford any window glass at all, which was already awailable since the roman times, but at that time still extremely expensive, so only very rich people and not even all the kings and dukes could afford that for all the windows of the hughe castles they owned at that time, they had only blinds on the windows they would close during the nights but have the the windows completely open all day long. This would give such a house fire a hughe air inflow and cause also a very fast spready. If one of the smaller childs would have caused it by playing with fire close to the ladder they used to get to the first floor. And if the remaining family would have been located alltogether in the second and uppermost floor of their house, they would have had almost no possibility at all to survive that fire. As the parents who might have a small remaining chance to survive with only some small fire burns on their own would try to rescue their children, too, and by this just loose the time needed to have a small chance to rescue themselves and because of this die alltogether a death in the flames which would not have been painfull for the children at all, as it would not have been their fault at all that this livetime got that short for them. And as for them some other aspekts of their respective souls would have jumped in, who wanted to experience a death in the flames with only a little painreduction active. The only problem there was, that the souls of the children were still negotiating whose aspekt would have been the one starting the fire by playing with it close to the stair ladders. And close to the stairs was also the easiest place to play for a small child with fire, as it would be also directly inform of their fire place. An especial dangerous place for the fire place, but having also the advantage that the warm air could flow directly into the ladder holes to the upper two floors and heat also them quite good.

As the human aspect of the young man planned his lifetime the souls of the parents agreed directly, as this looked also for the parents as a chance to get closer to their paths again. He agreed also with me that I send one of my aspekts to support him with his plan, keep him on his planned track, and that this aspekt would occupy him as soon as he is a young adult and all other measures would have failed to bring him at least roughly on path. The plan was that the demon aspekt then simply tells him how the plan of his soul for his life was and as soon as he was back on track he would also find a lot of fun in his life and stay on his track for the rest of his life. He knowed before that there was a risk for an excorcism to be executed on him because of his almost planned occupation by a demon aspekt, but that risk he estimated to be really low, as he had already learned his path as good and deeply as he thought it was possible and thought that the plan should be atleast available in his subconsciousness, and getting him on track should not be that difficult, so he should be along on track before anyone could realize at all, that he got occupied by a demon. But to me it was already clear that it will get with that parents by no means an easy and fast to finish job. Because it was already clear at the time before his birth as human being, that one of the hardest and also most terrible excorcist of its time would be active in this village, because just the worst from point of view of we demons and the best one from the point of view of the church, did just a few years before reincarnate in the same village and very likely continue a started series of terrible excorcist lives. Already during his last livetime he had developed to be a saddist as it is written in the book.

Now it was on my to decide which of my aspekts should take over the task to accompany him into this very difficult lifetime he himself did not acknowledge as difficult, but I already knew of it would get. By no means must that aspekt tell this horrible (from our demon and human souls point of view) excorcist get my name to know, which was totally unknown at this time and would, without this book, stay even alsmost unknown today, and even less my rituals to call me, though they are much more difficult to perform and expensive in lives. There are many reasons why I had choosen so difficult and expensive ones, just because I am the by far strongest demon of all I needed to have the strongest and most expensive to perform rituals of all, and that is only one reason of many. Another reason is that I meither want to keep my squadron alone for a longer time nor I want to loose my squadron maybe forever if I would have been confined at a hidden place for a very long time. This would have happened within a quite short time, if the ritual would have made known to the public, which would likely have happened and because of the high price to pay to perform it and the high risk in loosing that lives without any means if an not so unlikey error happens during performing these rituals. The loss of life got an issue on its own for me with time passing after the end of Atlantis. So by no means should any one get to now these rituals. Because of this I selected the strongest one of my aspekts, the same one who is currently incarnated as the human channeler of this story, the official author Alexander Stein, who was at this time my strongest aspekt who did not have right away any more important task to do. We thought at that point in time, that the tasks of the other two stronger aspekts of mine were important, but at the end the task the demon aspekt Alexander, we call him Alexander now, as the same demon aspekt is now incarnated as the author Alexander Stein. The aspekt of the young man, we call him Jonas now, though it not his correct name, which we actually told, we do not want to reveal in this book at all, the reason is given already above, did not like this decision well, as Jonas knowed Alexander already from previous occupations in previous lifetimes very well, together with all his limitation to not speak the human language well and fast enough, the way he would do it, and because of the limitation the occupation would be found much earlier, maybe too early to avoid a very painfull excorcismus for you two, he told me right away. This was a valid argument, but the likelihood for this was actually rather low, either his opinion was true, and the needed occupation would last only short, than it anyhow would have ended before an excorcist could have been called by the parents or others, but if it should get that difficult for Alexander to get you on the correct path again, than it would get very easy for everyone to detect the occupation, as it would last too long, and as each aspekt can only perform one tasks at once, none aspekt would be able at all, to discuss the same time with you and as you with others who want right away discuss with you as it was before the occupation. Because of this the occupation will anyhow quite fast be detected as it is all the way the case, as the occupying demon wants not only be not detected at all, but instead also convince him to stay on or go to the correct path again aligned between him and his soul before. Such a multitasking is actually accomplished by many known humans, mostly woman, but also enlightened men, who all employ multiple aspekts at the same time, all those aspekts have its own consciousness, knwoledge and will. Aspekts helping one in his current lifetime are most often brother or sister aspekts from privious lifetimes, as well as aspekts oneself created in very difficult and/or painfull situations he himself made his task as difficult as it could be, as it was right the same time and place this horrible excorcist he already knowed from a prior excorcism in his last lifetime right at the same place. Now we could only wait what would happen after his incarnation as the sixt son and after the fift daughter of that christian family which was relative poor. Now he was the eleventh child of the Katholizismus family, which was almost every day in the church and every day to same time in the church so there was no one else so reliable as them. What the family not expected was that someone else could even be more reliable then them, even the youngest son was an altar server, so no one expected anything to happen to this family, as she samed to be close to god, and god was the god and no one has more power than god. That is just was everyone believed in this time around Tattenhausen. Because of this no one belived at all that anything could happen to the family what has nothing to with christianity at all.

Now it was the time for Alexander, because so chatholic none of the souls of the whole family wanted it to have, and also none of them wanted to be so Christian wanted none of them be before there current life was really started. Only the parents of the parents, so all grand parents were already so catholic before and made the father and the mother so Christian as they got. And they then made also their children as catholic as they were at that time. And this was just what trigerred Alexander, as the age of eightteen triggered the desteny seed we all together, his soul, himself, Alexander and me implanted into him, to tell when the right time for the first occupation is. Following one should be trigerred by leaving the path again, right away after leaving the path again should follow the next occupation. This was very important to know, because Alexander was not just the demon behind his desteny seeds, but also his shelter angel, spirit guide and so on at the same time. This is what the demon attached to a human always do, also similar to the demon in the computer language. From which source the linux programmer
introducing the name "demon" first is known to me, as one of my aspekts was attached to him, as it is with many persons the case, as I have the largest number of aspekts as well, around 68 million, who all have their own consciousness, intelligence, memory and so one, so a major demon is simply a very large group of aspekts which have all their own consciousness and work together as a group to control the demon himself by majority decisions as well as quick decisions from the fastest of the leading aspekts and decision by the name giving leading one in the case it is an ascended master it is important to now that the name giving aspekt is also the leading aspekt of the whole demon group as we call the ascended demon now. That is the plan, decided by all demons before the first demon enlightment was started. This was necessary to have the first demon enlightment secured enough, to have no demon disaggree the enlightment and to have a little bit secured. Not secured was an first attempt from Alexander, who rightaway in his first lifetime, even if quite old, finished a human enlightment right before his natural death of this lifetime or around two years earlier than its death predicted. That succeeded at first but was directly questioned by another weak demon directly at the beginning of the really existing part for Alexander as the heaven opening followed by the starsshowing his ascended master name which would right away be his last lifetimes human name Alexander Stein, so my name would than be Alexander Stein.

Now the time had come for Alexander to occupy the young man we call Jonas. As Jonas was now a strong believing katholic Christian. This caused right away strong discussions with him, when Alexander tried to get him right back to his previously negotiated path. These strong negotiations and discussions stayed, as previously predicted, not long hidden by his parents, who directly called in, as not otherwise to predict, the same excorcist, which got already prominent again, as also previously predicted, by his many successes against small and a few medium sized demons. He knowed all by name, and as soon as he somehow by tortutre or even some magical tricks on them their name known, he performed the known rituals for this demons, which were just these demons, who got their names known for contracts with them, on a very hidden and remote place inside a cave or axtra build tunnel. And sealed it directly after calling in by a strong stone plate or a rock, depending the size of the tunnel or cave entrance. Every time he got the name of a demon, he already captured at this place in a tunnel or cave appeared to him again, as he knowed had already some unlucky persone already called him in for a contract and by this also released him from his confinement.

Now we have do at this disclaimer known from [ref:chapter 1.d.)] again: If you are not able the hanle it, please leave the following part of this subchaper out. It is not suited for softsided people at all but really tough information again. As already told it was not easy for Alexander to convince Jonas from the correct path, succeeded first not at all to convince Jonas by any means. The parents already called the famous local excorcist, who easily could confirm the occupation by a demon. They were brought to the torture cellar of Tattenhausen were the excorcist directly started to torture them with thumbscrews as first step. He attached them to both thumbs of Jonas at the same time. The excorcist tightened and tightened them more and more. This caused already incredible pain to both Jonas and Alexander at the same time. But the excorcist tightened them more and more until he almost created permanent damage to Jonas thumbs, but permanant body demage was not what he wanted to create. Here neither Alexander gave any hint to my name, neither did Jonas change his mind.

He repeated the same procedere with all other fingers and later also the toes. Using a similar device on Jonas' tsitsis created a level of pain, priorly unknown to Jonas, but also the Alexander, who has won in the past already many excoricism duells, every time without any glimpse of telling my name or anything else about me. Most times the tortureed human had at the end agreed to go back of the correct soul defined path, in a few cases the soul of the tortured human had tecided to release the tortured human out of the pain by giving Alexander the task to kill him. In the current case, even this totally new painlevel did neither convince Alexander to tell anything about me, neither wanted Jonas still to leave the catholic path.

This was already running for more then three weeks, with interuptions every now and then, during them Jonas with Alexander were put in to a dungeon close to the torture cellar. There was not much room to move at all and also the provided food was very simple and sparse, mostly simply bran together with not very clean water. For the excorcist dropping down his torture activities was also no option and so he continued with using all available tools, including the rack, were Jonas got fixed on, his feet at the one end, and his torso at the other end. With wheels connected to srcews the excorcist moved both ends further and further away from each other, and the pain both for Jonas and Alexander reached again completely new hights. At some point this was to much for Jonas. He screamed and screamed and pledged to stop. Alexander was not away, but let him do. That was not what the excorcist wanted as real saddist he was just inside his elementn and wanted again to stop first at the border for permanent body damage. This put the pain to new and new levels. Alexander still showed no glimpse of telling anything about me and Jonas simple sreamed and sreamed and sreamed which Alexander allowed to happen. By the cuntinued torture got Jonas really angry and he now started to hate the excorcist and also its employer, the catholic church.

In the next break he now really discussed the soul defined and agreed path, with contained a moderate but church critical behaviour, alays just below the limit of illegal, without getting really in danger to get a prosecution by the church. But Jonas now after all the torture by the catholic church Jonas did not like to be moderate anymore, as already written he realy hated the church now and wanted to go a really radical way against the catholic church. He started to discuss this new path with his soul, where Alexander had as well his own meaning, but was also the only one which was able to commonicate as well with Jonas himself as also his soul and so transferred the messages in both directions. Humans are in general not able to communicate directly to their human souls, unless their are already very short before their final steps of enlightment, then at some point the soul comes close to him and allows to talk. With a demon in principle every human is able to communicute, it is only not advisable for a human being to communicate to another demon than the demon who is attached to him by his soul, the one working also as guardian angle and spirit guide for you. To communicate with just this demon over a longer periode of time is save, because it has obligations to your soul. Other demons which are currently unemployed have mostly only the interst to feed energy from some human, so he would play tricks on you and try to create a trap for you, to cozen you to a place were you would be completely alone with him and he than could for example frighten you to the bones over and over again wthout giving you a real chance to eave that location for hours, in extremal cases also days. Each time the deom frightens you, you distribute a lot of energy around you which the demon than would collect. If he by this not killed you and also not significantly hurt your body, does this at a quiete space, where no one else could quickly join and you by your own violated the rules to channel no unemployed demon, it would threated completely as your own fault and the demon would not need to fear a punishment from the arch angels.

Neither his soul nor Alexander liked the idea at first to go that radical agains the church, but within the time Jonas could convince the two, that his life might be short with his radical path, but he could still accomplish much more which his radical way. Alexander now left the body of Jonas, and Jonas started to convince the excorcist, that he was no longer occupied by the Demon. The excorcist performed a lot of tests on Jonas, as an oath on the bible no honest and proud demon could accept, and so on. Jonas passed them all. The excorcist celebratet this as great success for him, he thought he had driven away the demon simply by his torture. But how wrong he was. The success was with Alexander. The excorcist did not get to now anything about me and Jonas was now on a path more radical against the church than ever planned. For coverage he continued for his work as altar server, but directly started to convince doubting people from the truth behind all relegions shown also in this book. In hidden small talks he showed them were church and bible are lying. About that he had learned from Alexander.

When one year after the excorcism started in 1618 the well known 30 year war in europe and especially in Germany.The war wasespecially a war of protestants against the catholic church, represented within Germany by different local regions ruled by princes and a catholic central government and different foreign countries either on the side of the catholics or as Sweden on the side of the protestants. The protestants were also still far away from the path most souls wanted their human aspekts to go, but especially at that time much closer than the catholic church (and the orthodox churches, too). Because of this he started a hidden work for the protestants. This was in accordance with his soul, as Alexander was sill with him and now helping him where he could, could ascertain. 

By his hidden work of convic Jonas soon learned to know some spies for the protestants. Soon he started to work as spie with them, too. Working as spie hecould help the protestants win many battles, but he continued also the even the more dangerous work of convincing people to leave the religion and get on the path of the souls. He continued to talk also with Alexander and Alexander told him also with which person he can savely talk, but caused be the increadible cruelty of this war, the polarization within the population growed. Because of this the number of people Jonas could savely talk to went lower and lower. There was another group of people, Jonas had good chances to convince, but there was also with each of them a significant risk that they would sell him to the church first. Alexander and his soul wanted him to not take such a risk and instead continue to work mainly as a spie, but Jonas was not satisfied with this, there were too many other spies and a way more significant impact he could have by convincing more and more people from to go the path planned by their souls. So he was willing to take that high risk. His soul was not really convinced that this would be a good idea, but as stopping him would require a new demonic intervention which would also cause a large risk of getting Jonas work uncovered by the church, so the soul gave Alexander the task to continue to support Jonas with his work, be providing the names of the best candidates and by telling Jonas what their souls had planned for them. This way Jonas could convince further a large number of people. Overal is because of this also this risky work counted as success. But it came as it had to come, the last one he tried to convince sold him to the inquisition of the church. It did not take long to the inquisitors to fidure out that he also was a spie. The also put again torture on him, but this time he had all pain reduction mechanisms of body and soul availale. In the year 1627 he was burned on the stick, but he left his body already a few dies before. This way he neither experienced any pain by the fire nor by the additional torture put on him the days before. Insted of him nother aspekt of his soul stepped in which had already great experience in extending the pain reduction mechanisms of body and spirit, so also did not experience much pain. His family also started to really hate the catholic church, and moved to the northern part of Germany. Overall is this well as well the short live of Jonas, he got only 28 years, counted as great success, as also the work from Aexander.

Chapter 4.b.)

It was in the 1928 in the small town of Boston which is now part of New Jersey, New York. There a small girl name Melanie was already in the age of 10 years totally off path because for her planned path a good school education was necessary, but she was rather interested in talking to her friends and having fun and was this way going to leave the school early. This did her soul not like at all, so the attached demon, an aspekt of mine, we call here Patrick. His name is taken from a prior human he was attached to in his previous task. He had to occupy his body almost his whole lifetime, as the human aspekt Patrick had no interest in his planned path at all. But for his soul was this path very important, nevertheless the human askpekt Patrick had agreed to it only grudging already prior to his incarnation. He had nevertheless been choosen by his soul, as his skills were fitting by far best to this path compared to all other of her aspekts. Because an excorcism was not fitting at all into this planned path, my demonic aspekt Patrick could not discuss a lot with the human aspekt, as he needed his full concentration on replication of his behaviour, as otherwise the occupation would have been discovered. Because the human aspekt did not like at all the path my demon aspekt was going with him, my askpekt did not see any chance to convince him and stayed simply his whole remaining lifetime in his body. As the human aspekt realized that my demonic aspekt would stay, he wanted to leave his body, but my demonic aspekt could not let him go, as his soul wanted to have the experiance of the whole lifetime. Because of his he had to use his magic to force the human aspekt to stay until the end of the lifetime.

But now back to the main story. When Patrick occupied Melanie, it was not easy for him to convince her to follow the correct path. So the occupation stayed not long undetected by the parents. The parants had the same interest as my demon aspekt Patrick and her soul, but they did not know that, furhermore they belived in the prayers of their church that demons would be the evil. Because of this they called for the excorcist of their church. That happened right away after the return of the doctor they called before, because they first thought first it was a strange sickness, but as the child Melanie behaved normal, while the doctor was there, as Patrick did not want to be excorted by an excorcist which the church had already for the case the doctor would not find anything in her he would be needed to step in, to check if there are any signs for an occupation, but as Patrick directly knowed, that there would be nothing to find he directly interacted with Melanie again, telling her how important the school is for her currently planned live path, as her soul wanted to know more about the reason why this happened she actually had asked for a longer occupation of her aspects body, because this has happened already a few more times in the past with her. What was needed now from the viewpoint of the excorcist was a fast excortion of the demon from her he directly observed by the stories her parents told him. He thought that was needed was a form of frightening which was more frightening for the demon than for his victim, the human spirit of Melanie. But the method of his choice for this task was whater boarding, which was quite often used in Guantanamo, too, in the much more recent past. But which this method it was the other way around. It was not frightening for Patrick at all, but for Melanie it was the pure hell, as she was afraid by water and feared drowning more than everything else. Patrick was not afraid from drowning at all, as actually almost no ghost or spirit himself is, just the original spirit of Melanie was one of those exceptional spirits for which water was rightaway as hell. This was the case, because in a recent former lifetime she loved beeing close to water more than everything else and missed bacause of this almost her whole school time in the 1870's. Because of this her soul requested a demon, which was none of my aspects, to drown her in the most painfull way in the lake she loved the most. Because of this her spirit feared the water more than everything else and as she got fixed on a table and the water boarding began her spirit left her body right away and went directly back to her soul, where Melanie received her worst live review every as she had almost done everything wrong what could be done wrong at all. Because of this Patrick was now the only occupant of her body, but as he had to continue to work as a demon and I did not see any advance in letting continue that lifetime on earth this time, as at this time already Alexander's first enlightment lifetime was going, which later got meaningless, because of only one fellow demon was thinking, that following the old aggreed demon enlightnment path was more important than having the first demon enlightment to pave the way for all other demons to have their enlightment, too.  