Chapter 6

It was a time 5000 years ago in the southern part of africa, that I got the task to occupy the body of a young six years old girl, to use it to frighten her parents to their bones. It was a soul that I did not like very much at that time, but is one of my best friends today. Frightening the parents worked very well at first, but at a certain moment I was distracted by something else the parents did on their own, later told that their souls had told them to do so, as my frightening has already had the expected effect on getting them back what their souls wanted them to do. In this sudden moment, the original spirit of that girl was suddenly gone, and I occupied that girl on my own. Leaving the girl now would have killed their instantly, but I was not allowed to kill her, as my job on her parents was already done. Killing that girl they earnestly loved would place the strongest hit on them of all I had ever placed on them, and that after the job was already finished was nothing any arch angel and also Luciver would not have accepted at all. They would have taken away all my powers as they partially did now as I am on the part of enlightment, but at that time it woud have been deadly for me. Every other demon could have eaten me alive at any moment, taking all my aspects away at once, making himself the strongest demon away and making me an empty hull with only my name for some time. But even my name Ezaration the third would stayed alive for ever, other demons would have remembered it some time, if time passes by it would also have been forgotten and would only been needed to write down the history book of all demons, we partially started to do with this book.

After I now was the only spirit occupying that girl I had no other choice than to stay there for the rest of her life, for further 73 years. She got really old for that time in the southern africa and that only because of the demonic magic she used. Because she entered that body in the age of six years she lost almost nothing of her memory on her demonic living before, and lost also almost no knowledge about the usage of demonic spells and there usage to fullfill task given by souls. So she killed, frightened and tortured on their request, but she did also a lot of healings, also partially requested by the soul, partially also on request of the humans themselfes. The healings done on request of the humans themself were all together not done in a really good way, as the souls would have told her to do, but simply by using her demonic magic. This way she could heal many more in the shortest time frames and earned a very good reputation as the best magic healer of that time and region of the earth, as she was known almost in the whole south saharian africa of that time. None of her killings and torturing and frightening was attributed to her, so she did also a lot of killings on ther own, just for fun using her magic over a larger distance and than hearing from the telling of the people what demonic frightenings and torturing and murders happened. She played to be in horror too, but secretly in the background she enjoied it and collected all the energies distributed by the frightened people around her. That was not really good at all, and most souls and also many other demons started to hate her, because they had to correct as far as possible all the issues she created. To fix the issues created in short was, as it is most the time, much more time expensive than createting them and the other demons around were already very busy without her. No comparison to today were most of the demons are mostly unemployed. That she continued until she reached an age of 79 when she died by cancer. That was inserted into her by another demon without her knowing on the request of me, because I was no longer able to look at what terrible things the was doing without any good reason but simply for the fun and the stealing of energy. From that on she stayed on her own and did not continue anymore whith the demonic work she was supposed to do by Luciver and the other arch angels. She simply stayed on her own and by this simply more and more depleated her energy step by step. When my son Alexander incarnated in his current live she quickly joined him into his body. She was by far not strong enough anymore to overtake the power over him, but nevertheless she used her voice, he thought of it was an inner voice, to try to have a lot of bad influences on him. She only seldom succeeded with this, because his good character created by Saint-Germain was far stronger. It took him until recently, only few weeks before the first version of this text were channeled by him in the May of 2025, that he recognized her voice as an external voice, the voice of an aspect of a former life of us.   