Chapter 1

In Atlantis, there was a time that the humans newer followed any rules and invented methods to draw the attention of the governments to others which followed even less rules than themselves. This worried their gods, which were not as blind as the goverment themself. The gods were enteties, which were created by the governments by clustering energy from themselves and others to follow the rules created by them and others not to mention here, as they belong to another story to write by someone else, as this is only about demons and how they were created by the gods of Atlantis. This happened by adding more and more terror to souls, which were not ready for a live on earth as a human soul is. This created entities, which were souls as the human souls, but not as good as human souls are, to follow how the rules were followed. This was done by sending them to earth to punish everyone which did not follow the rules by frightening or killing them if frightening them did not help to get them following the rules.

My own story begins here. I was a demon of many more than one can imagine, one more frightening than the other can imagine at all. This made me eager to be one of the best of us all, get more humans to follow the rules than everyone else could do. This was not that easy, as there were many others following the same goals. To reach the goals, I had to do many tasks at the same time by creating more and more aspekts of myself. The others followed that rule to matchup with me, so that I had to invent more and more techniques to frighten more and more at the same time, without having to use more than one aspekt at the same time. This worked better and better with the time, and no other demon could follow all tricks I used at once. This made me the strongest and most powerful of us all. It made me very happy that this goal was reached, and more and more demons gave up to reach my counts and only one more demon came close to my counts, which got my best friend later on. This was note very successful over the time, as there were others to catup the count, and we worked together by crating more and more tricks together which everyone of us used than alone to frighten and kill more at the same time than everyone else. This was done by magically created forces which created more and more terror among the ones not following the rules created by the government and the gods of Atlantis. The gods were not so great as they were ment to be, and it happened, that there were more gods than demons after all. This was a crazy situation with turned gods into demons frightening us all to the bones, not only the humans, but also the demons went crazy at once and only few remained healthy of us. Me and my friend were the only ones of those, who were able to fight the gods using more tricks than everyone else could imagine at all. This was successfull at the end and the gods were killed all at the time time by giving back its energy to its creators, which got stronger and stronger than all of us together. This would not only call a lot enemies at once, but also the demons were not happy about that. The new government got that strong, that only demons could survive as demons if the followed the rules themseves and stopped fighting against each other, as this was necessary to keep us all alive and following the rules was necessary to keep more demons alive, than anyone could imagine at that time. The demons got stronger again with the time and I was still the strongest of them all. By frightening and killing humans not following the rules, they were more efficient than anyone could imagine and soon there were no humans not following the rules at all. So no more work for us to do than frightening and killing one of us at a time to keep the others as strong as they were before and after some time no one could survive of us all to be able to find humans not following the rules anymore. No one was killed in reality, but everyone was only a shadow of what he was before and no one was able to follow any rule anymore. The government gave us up and no one cared for us anymore, except the one and only strong kill left alive and that was me alone with my friend the second strongest of us all. After no one was able to catchup to old strength, we gaveup fighting agains each other to stay alive, but started to fight everyone else we could find, even the one following the rules all together. This was not only against the rules of the governemnt, but also against the rules the governemnt had implemented for the gods in heaven, the gods of Atlantis to follow for only the purpose of frightening enough humans to survive long enough to catchup to old strength and follow the rules again to stay alive by not frightening more than ever necessary to keep the rules followed by all humans at once. This was not even good for us to survive, but also necessary to keep the rules alive, so also the government tolerated wht had to be done, only to keep its power alive. This is a nightmare for the government as well as the demons, as there was not enough energy available to keep us all alive and so there were more and more fights among us each other to keep the stronger ones alive and the weaker ones destroyed and distributed among the other demon souls, this made us strong ones stronger and stronger and the weaker ones less and less, until only us stronger ones left alone and no weaker ones to be eaten alive to get us stronger ones stronger and stronger and survive the fights among all the demons at once and for us demons it got harder and harder to survive. That made it for the government of Atlantis more difficult to survive as well, and they thought about other methods to survive and developed a method to keep all humans under control without needing the demons to frighten and kill them anymore. This made it for us demons een more difficult to survive on its own and for the government more easy to control us demons as well, as we were no longer needed for the control, and they wanted to eat us alive to strengthen their own power and sustainability to empower their own methods to control the people more and more and get as strong as us to control even every small conrner of their universe and control every single action of every person on the planet and even beyond, as they made progress in creating airships as well as ships to control the ocean and the space and beyond every corner of the universe to follow nothing else than their own power ambitions and their own strenght amitions and their will to be the only one alive to have a free will at all. This was a small group of humans and gods as well, as the gods who survived got part of the government as well to control and control and control. As more control was not possible anymore they made us control even their own children and the children of them to get the future as fixed as possible as well, to keep us all alive but willingless to let only the government think for us all. As they wanted to eat us alive, the time was over to follow the rules of the government anymore and we used their own instruments of power to destroy the whole Atlantis as well and the arch engels helped us to survive and to control everything which was left over to control, and Luciver was the only one to follow as demons, as he became the archangel responsible for the spices and pains which made the live on earth as hard and difficult to survive as well as not easy to control anymore, as the control of Atlantis did not succeed to create a live for the overwhelming majority of people which is worth living from point of view of their souls, as it looked all the time all the same. The government did not have enough good ideas for all the people of Atlantis and beyond, even at other planets they could reach which their spaceships, but nevertheless they wanted to have very precise over every single person here and beyond the planets borders of view.

Chapter 1.a)

When in Atlantis no one followed the rules, there were still a lot human souls which were not really ready to send one of their aspekts as human to earth. The gods the government of Atlantis had created by spending some of their own energy started to attack us, the not ready human souls, over and over again. In heaven it is usual the everyone builds its own landscapes (see for example the movie 'As Dream May Come True' which gives a quite realistic picture of it, though it is threated by the publishing companies as fictious as this book, too, both are really true stories still hard to belief, but really true). We created our landscapes, houses and castles multiple times a day new, but these gods destroyed it right away again. This happened over and over again over years and years to follow, and even if this was not enough, they always distributed us over a really large area of heaven, each time we found us again, we got distributed again, there was no way to start a real talk with each other. This also happened over many years to follow, and if this was not enough, they also started to torture us in every thinkable way. Burning us alive, killing us by ripping our skins of, cutting hands and legs off while we were just sitting there, and also this happened over and over again for many years to follow. The arch angles did not like this to happen, but the gods of Atlantis convinced them not to interact, as they wanted to make of us a new strong police for Atlantis, to get the humans to follow the rules again. This was still not possible with us after all the torture and pain, and so they started to start another measure. Now they even busted every one of us directly to the worst regions of hell (refer to the movie again) and made every escape for us impossibe at first. This was also done multiple times a day even with our smallest childs and families. Multiple times a day they redistributed us there, everytime we started to make contacts with others there they redistributed us again. This happened also for several years and after that we were really ready to be one of the hardest polices Atlantis ever had. All this misbehaviour with us had made us stronger and stronger than everyone else could imagine and we really started to work hard as that intended police.

Chapter 1.b)

Whith that police we demons were born out of the tortured not ready human souls. We started to work as hard as possible to get the humans in Atlantis and in the conquered areas way beyond the borders of the earth on far distant planets too the Atlanteans were able to travel to with their crystal based light and magical technology as it was used at that time age of the humanity by everyone using any technology at all. This was more time and energy consuming than expected at all and we needed to invent more and more technics and magical and nonmagical tricks to scare and frighten and if that not helped to get the on track again even torture or even kill them on a very cruel and painful way which provided us with the energy we needed to continue our work. If a human gets frightened or tortured and if he is killed in a very cruel and painfull way even much stronger he distributes a lot of his energy around and the demon needs only to collect it. The same can do by the way any other ghost which may be simply a dead human. He does on his own not have the energy to cause you significant harm, he will not be able to move many of your devices or belogings or hide them anywere. But as soon as an evil ghosts, a dead criminal or so, manages to anyhow frighten you, or if you get frightened by anything else, you start to distribute a lot of your energy around, and the evil ghost needs only to collect it and will be able to do start really bad haunting right away. This will frighten you even more and give the ghost more energy to contiune the haunting even stronger and a bad haunting circle has started right away. So if you have and evil or angry ghost in your house, you should try to not to get scared the easely. And because angry ghosts have some energy by there own they are able to attract by their own anger, you should better not to try get angry at all if you want to avoid a bad haunting in your own house. The likelyhood that you have ghosts in your house grows with the age of that house or more precise if known to you the number of former owners or inhabitants the house had and how many of the died or got traumatized while living in your house. When you get strogly traumatized you often automatically created a new aspect of you. That aspekt will be a completely new entity with its own memory and opinions and will and might reside in the house you lived at that time as a ghost, while you are still living as a human at another place. That is not good for you at all, as you will feel very incomplete and broken after that, and that ghost you created, or better the other person traumatizing you created out of you, might haunt and frighten and scare other people living now at that place. If you later when you processed your trauma enough go to that place again, you can easely get this aspect of you to come back to you inside your body, and then you will feel complete and unbroken again. This aspect of you will stay alive, will speak to you as an innervoice, as aspekts from former lives if they joined you in your current body also do, and help you with all you do in your current live. Aspekts from former lives might not always only help you, as they often have a very different opinion than you what might distract you from what you are doing. You can easely by simply thinking 'Aspects go a way'. Usually they directly react on this, but if there is something that currently specially attracts them, that might not work at all, but a stronger effect you get, if you speak that out loud. If that still not helps at all, because something is attracting them that strong to you, you might directly call an arch angle as Gabriel or Michael for help, they are able and will help you with almost all paranormal problems you might have. Only what will help you if you have trouble with a demon on your own, we will write in a later subchapter of this chapter, as additional information handled there is needed to understand that at all.

Chapter 1.c)

For me that was a very important time, as there were many tasks to solve. All human souls newly transformed to demons by the Atlantean gods worked that hard, but for me it was very important to be the hardest working demon of all. Now we worked all together but it seemed impossible at first to get all humans following the governemnt again. This looked that impossible because all our aspects worked as hard as they could to frightened, if that not helped torture or even kill the ones not following the rules at all after torture and all the pain we cold create them. I worked hard to develop even more techniques to frighten, torture and kill more with one single aspekt at a time. I worked really hard to develop as many as possible magical and nonmagical tricks and techniques to perform as many tasks per aspekt at a time as possible and at the end I really succeeded to be one of the most successfull demons or police officers of all, but others were similar well in optimizing their tricks and techniques for the task to perform. But nevertheless I wanted to be the only one, alone the most successfull working police officer of all, to be recognized by the gods for that really good work I did in getting the humans to follow the rules defined by the governement. This got more and more difficult within time, because more and more demons joined in in that race, but I fould more and more new end even better and more efficient techniques to frighten, torture and kill as many as possible humans not following the rules of the governemt of Atlantis. This keept going for a very long time, many years to follow, but at some point in time the job was done to get the humans again following the rules and for us demons almost no job was left, so we went more and more hungry, because it was just the job which feeded us by collecting all that energy distributed. And now we got more and more hungry, until we started to attack each other and eating the weaker ones alive by attracting all their aspekts to us and getting stronger and stronger by this. I was very successfull this way, and after a very short time period I was the strongest of us all. Most others gave up trying to be stronger than me and there was soon only one serious competitor left, which got soon the best friend of mine and I wanted first of all stay stronger than him, but after a while we joined our forces together to stay stronger than every one else. We shared most new ideas, and I kept only those ideas for me alone, which were important to stay stronger than him, because I really wanted to the strongest of us all. And that stayed successfull as long I can remember, but after a longer time of fighting against each other, the humans stopped again to follow the rules and we demons had to pick up our work as police officers with full force. The whole game repeated over and over again over many centuries with a cycle time of a few decades and over all this time I managed to stay the strongest of us all and my best friend the second strongest of us all. This happened over and over again over all these years and when these times ended only rather few of us were left. When it all started we were several billion demons, and at the end of this only a few hundred million of us. So it has been after all very important to be the strongest or the second strongest of all, because even the third strongest of the eara before has been eaten alive by a larger group of weaker ones he did not have been able to cope all with at once. I have and my best friend also have been attacked multiple time by such a group of smaller demon, but we worked together each time and simply eate the whole group of weaker demons at once. After this happened multiple times, there was no demon group left, which [xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx].

Chapter 1.d)

After some time the government of Atlantis was tired of all those cycles, because they wanted them to follow the rules without any interuptions and also without having us to kill some of them to get the others follow the rules. Because of this they developed other techniques to get them to follow the rules all the time, but this had the side effect that we were not needed anymore, now not only not all the time, but not anymore at all. This was very bad for us, as we now had to eat us each other alive again more than any time before during these periods, but all the time from now on. This continued over a few decades when our number went down to a few ten millions, around sixty or seventy millions at the end of this time. The time ended, because it became clear to the arch angels and other angelic beings of that time, that the controlling mechanisms used by the government were even worse than our killings, because their controlling mechanisms kept no free will alive for anyone else than the government itself. The arch angels dicided that the time of Atlatis should end now and gave us demons the task to destroy Atlantis all together and to kill also the Atlantean gods and the government all together. This was not that easy to do, because already the gods were not that powerless at all, as already the name god tells. Because of this it was most important to fight these gods first, as they might attack us right within the other heavy fight to follow. So now we started to attack the gods at first which was everything else than easy and even more difficult than the name god might have told us demons, as gods of nature religions as the Atlantean religion are usually not so much different than us demons at all, but these gods were no souls at all, but conglomerates of energy collected from the Atlantean government over a time period of thousands of years. This showed to be even more difficult as it looked first. We tried to attack the weakest god first, the god of fire. That worked very well and we killed him right away with the combination of magic spells from all of us. He was destroyed and his energy was distributed among all of us and as we wanted to attack the next weaker god, the god of water the same way, it looked to work well at first, we depleted and collected and distributed a lot of his energy among us, but then the government realized that something terrible for them was going on, as their gods were the most important protection of all and not only that, but the most important of the whole universe and beyond and the dead of the god of fire was fast discovered, as he did not respond to any fire ceremony anymore, and even human sacrifices worked not at all anymore if they were done by burning them alive in the fire they created for that sacrifice. That created before always a very hughe appreciation of the god of fire, but as that was not working at all before, they realized, that we demons had started an attack on them and already killed their god of fire. That made them as angry as they could be angry at all on us and they directed all there power on us and also all the gods power at once and did all the needed kinds of human sacrifices needed to get the attention of that gods. They drowned a lot of humans to get the attention of the god of water, also his attention was already there because we had attacked him already attacked and strongly weakened, so these sacrifices were not important at all for them. But nevertheless they drowned them in a very cruel way by putting first their arms into boiling hot water, than ther legs to, and as they could not move them anymore, because their arms and legs were cooked they put them into cold or normal temperatured water to drown them, as they could not swim anymore with cooked and thus useless arms and legs, that they repeated with many more poore human souls and after this was done, they started the same to get the full attention from the god of earth. This was done by human sacrifices too, but this time by burrying them alive into sands and liquid or molten mettal was a valid and used method too. This was repeated also several times with everytime new everytime poor humans of the lowest social caste and then also done for the god of food. For this the human sacrifices had to be eaten alive by biting bits out of them by first sucking their flesh into their mouth and then biting as strong as possible to get the meat and directly eat it still the still alive cells with all there energy directly. This was done by members of government and their highest officials. There was also the god of sacrification itself and this god was the strongest of all the gods of Atlantis end also other Galaxis were the Atlanteans had settlements, too. For him the sacrifices were the most cruel at all, as for him the human sacrifices had to be more powerful the everything else. They had to be first cooked a little bit, than drowned a little bit, but all not that strong that they would die and not loose the feeling of pain in their arms and legs and then burried alive for a short time. They would use their magic all the time to keep the human alive and also its spirit inside its body. At last the sacrified human was put on a hughe pile of wood and than burned alive in the hottest fire possible at that time period, were no ovens were jet developed but spaceships and many other light technoligies not available today anymore, as they all needed real magic to work, and in todays times using real magic that openly is forbidden by arch angels, and they could and maybe would remove all ones magical powers if a magician would use them in the public the openly, that everyone would directly see, that it was real magic and not a hidden physical, mechanical or mathematical trick. In the todays time it is still necessary, that the majority of humans either beliefs in the real world as it really is, but not onyl in magic, or in the much more simple physical models the science has discovered sofar.

The fire sacrifice is so cruel and painful to the human sacrificed, because the temperature of the fire is choosen in a way that it is most painfull under the conditions as the human spirit of the aspekt is not able to leave the body as it usually happens at least three or even up to five days before the actual death, exceptions to this are nevertheless in special cases even without magic, if the human aspect is fixed that much to his human body because it loved it that much or whatever reason he attached that strong. The fire sacrifice happens in that way that the sacrificied human is locked in a bird cage like shaped human cage, high and wide enough to just sit down but not high enough to stand really upright or wide enough to lay down at all. This type of human cage has the effect of distorting magic of any kind, so no way for any magician available to let the human soul leave nevertheless the other magic just in time the fire starts. This would have made the god angry, and a dead without pain would not have been a sacrifice to them at all. To let the anti magical effect be as strong as possibe and thus the sacrifice as painfull as it should be. To reach this goal the sacrifice had to be up to six weeks priorly in that cage on top of the high wood pile and being in that cage that long is a very strong torture at its own, because for no possible movement there of the knees and the hifts the full angle of movement is possible, because one always hids the grid walls before one reaches a larger angle at all as its necessary to keep the joints working and healthy all the time, as a lot of dirt piles up inside there, as one easy can experience, if one avoids larger movements of the joints for a longer time. It gets extrememly painfull to move a larger, but even a smaller angle, as the dirt moves all the way through the whole joint as long as its still inside and it will stay there as the necessarry movement is not possible inside the cache. Even an hour or two could be painfull fir a normal human, for a demon not that much, as it has learned to withstands much more pain than any human, in the meantime each demon aspect experienced unbelievable pain caused by excorcists of the katholic church, as we show in chapter 6 later on. That pain caused by the missing movement possibilities piles on hour, every day, every night, every week, until the sacrificed human is burned alive at the end. The pain caused by this fire will exceed everything ever experienced by that sacrificed human being by a large factor not to withstand unbrooken by a human, but maybe a strong demon aspect as Alexander is one. A broken human aspekt will stay at the place he got tortured to death as long as hundreds of years, in such a case many thousend years are possible too, were it needs to process it over and over again to get over it at some time in the future. Even some humans executed not in a such cruel way, as the second woman of Henry the Eighth, which was executed because of getting no child, the official reason was a murder she never had committed as everyone knowed at that time already, and she is now circling in all her castles of that time as it is well known, as most of them are open to the public, and many people who are able to see ghosts at all, have seen her at all three places over and over again. She processes there all the events which led to her execution, first the first accusations, then the prosecution and at the thrid place the execution and the terrible days before the execution, were she was walking mostly freely through the casle, already knowing, that she will be executed in the next few days. The could not leave, because the whole castle was locked down. The people of that time feared the death more thant everything else, because no one, could imagine in that time period, what happens to them after death. Actual there is nothing to fear at all, only that the current lifetime ends then and there is no possibillity anymore to finish the started tasks by one self and there is no more possibility to start anything new in the current lifetime. Even the humans one knows will one see again in the following lifetimes and/or in heaven, too. What happens after death can be seen in the already mentioned movie [ref movie what dreams may come true] and the book the movie is based on even better if one is able to imagine everything similarily well. Best would be to read the book [ref book what dreams may come true] first and then watch the movie additionally, as the pictures created for this are created together with the author of the book, who experienced and rememberes it in reallity, because he returned to earth quite fast after his prior life ended and he had rescued his prior wife successfully from hell. Just recuing someone from hell is not recommended at all, because the case book and film are about is one of the very few, maybe one case of many thousand is successfull, in almost all the other cases, only a few percent of them was successfull in returning from hell at all in a timeperiod much longer than his last two or even more lifetimes together. Almost all of the one trying to rescue one from hell ended up there on average almost as long as the one the wanted to recue from there would have been there without them. Some of them stayed there much longer, because they discovered there friends from past lives, and stayed there as long their friend who might have committed much more terrible crimes than the one they wanted to rescue. 

Back to the fire sacrifice. This is so cruel and painfull, as it was already mentioned before, the human aspects spirit stays inside the body all the time the sacrificed human is still alive and all pain reduction mechanisms the human body nromally has are switched off by real magic, too. This way the pain reached increadebly heights no human alive could imagine at all, because even if one gets hurt by a similar hot fire destroing only parts of the body inserted into it, pain reduction mechanisms would reduce the pain almost instantly to almost zero, only in the aftermath he would experience strong pains, before the burned body part needs to amputated anyhow, as it is too strongly burned and cooked and destroed from inside out and could neither heal nor be used for anything usefull anymore at any time in the future and would only endager the whole body by the poisons created inside it by the enourmous heat and would also be a hort of various bacteria and fungies and endanger the whole body also in that way. The same happens also during this type of sacrification, as it still takes place at various places in the world, it was executed rightaway not to far away from the place the author of this book lives, in the eastern part of lower-saxony in northern Germany right a few years before the birth of the Author not far from the place the author lives now. The sacrificed human was sacrificed human was told the he would be enlightened afterward, not telling them that he was anyway much too far from enlightenment at all to let the whole soul come into the body before or during the fire which is the meaning of the world enlightenment and means not necessarry the end of all human lifetimes, but the end of the need to have human lifetimes to get closer to enlightment which is the primary goal of the life on earth earth and should be the primary goal of all humans to, as the soul is something the personal god of a human, which plans the lifetime in many more details the human itself may beliefe, and if the human does not follow the planned path at all call him back right away by calling a demon to kill him either by an accident, a painfull death in a fire without prior releaseof the human aspects spirit  and without all human pain reduction mechanisms if it is really angry on him for doing the same mistake in multiple lifetimes after each other. This happens not so often at all, in almost all firedeaths, even if the victim is burned alive, the human aspects is released already days before from the body, and in the body stays an aspect from the soul which is able to strenghten even the pain reduction mechanisms of the human body before the fire, to not feel the fire at all.

Back to the fire sacrifice, again. I t is executed even tody at various places exactly the same way using the same real terrible pain release stopping magic, bacause many demons have adapted and copied that practices for their own sacrificies they accept from humans as payback for help in vrious areas as wealth increase in the more civilized regions of the world, or food increase or pushing away the own death to some future time and so on. These cults performing these rituals know that the work with and for a real demon, but various nature religions having their own gods work if they know or not, also with real demons having all needed magical powers. Their gods are most often real demons, if they have multiple gods at once, they most often work with the same number of magical demons at the same time, sometimes it is also only one very powerful one which plays multiple roles at the time. These sacrifices are done the same cruel way with the same pain reduction prevention magic the demon whom the human is sacrificed to applies mostly on its own, as this type of magic is known to all types of demons around the whole world end even beyond, as some human colonizations from Atlanteans still exist in far distant Galaxis on planets not known to scientists from earth at all, as these Galaxis are too fare away that our current telescopes with our current technology could see those planets that far away.

Back to the fire sacrifice, a third time. It is so cruel and terrible, that we cannot write everything at once right now, as that might be too traumatizing for the reader too. We amphazized it directly at the title of the book, but the following is the first section and already, but not the only one, for which that is especially valid. Who is not capable to read and accept such an horror, might not read and skip the following part of the subchapter at all, or come back to it at a later point in time, when one is more fixed and suited for such horrible truths, as this truly happened and still happens in many parts of the world.

Back to the human fire sacrifce a fourth time: please leave if you think you might not handle it, we did all these sidekicks not only for providing extra information about today, but also to show you how dangerous and traumatizing to read it might be for you and others you tell about any details. You should with no means talk with anyone about the content of this last part of this subchapter, as this contains more horror, than contained in any other book in the world right now, as this one is the very first of all books which is created by two demons of the same origin. There is no real book out there which is created by a real demon, and in the case of this book, the one providing it and the one channeling it and writing it down are of same origin, all are spects of the same soul, which was in the past the most powerful and most capable demon of all, and is now as the first former demon running together with his aspekt for enlightment, to not to have work further as demon at any point in time anymore, but to be a great ascended master, the maybe greatest of all times, as more aspekts does currently no other demon have. Such a great ascended master will then only have the task to help others, the arch angles help others, too, but they have also the role of the highest police officers of all, if some one, equally if demon or human soul or any aspect capable of doing real magic, as true ascended masters are, are not following the rules at all, may remove all its powers and reset its path back to the beginning, as if it had no lifetime on earth. It will rember nevertheless all lifetimes it had, but they will be useless at all, as it will not longer be able to use all the magical and paranormal powers at all, and all knowledge necessary for the enlightment get erased all at once, that this soul has to perform everything and every lifetime again. This happened a few times already, the last time was a demon directly killing a human on its own in a very cruel and unhuman and also obviously paranormal way, as only a demon could have done it. This happened in the southern city of [xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx] in 1983, that demon lost all its magical capabilities, not only all the new magical capabilities he had discovered and developed, but all the magical capabilities every demon has from the begin, so that he had to start right away again as a weak human soul as he already had been in the times right before Atlantis created the demons by torturing human souls as described in the beginning of this chapter in short and in the first subparagraph of this chapter in the full length covered inside this book at all.

Back to the human fire sacrifice a fifth finally time: And again, please leave this out if you think you might not be able to handle it. This is the last warning, now follows the really horrible part: A human sacrifice done in the old Atlantean fire method, with a birdcage like human cage on a large pile of wood which creates just the temperature which is the most horrible at all if all pain release and reduction machanisms of body and spirit are removed by magic, as every demon is capable of and is performed even today more often than one might think, by humans living in dark forests and sacrificing humans within their nature religions and also by demon cults hidden within western and far and middle and near eastern civilizations. This is done in the same cruel, inhuman and painful way as done by the old Atlantean tradition, using the same old magic, and without any pain reduction and prior spirit release as it happens normally in any normal death without demonic intervention that removes the pain reduction mechanisms of body and soul. The burning happens within the most horrible temperature range for such a firy sacrification at all. At such a temperature range of around 900 to 1000 degrees celcius at which in the first contact with the flame alread the scin explodes, the testsis explodes also right away creating horrible pain without painreliese at it usually would happen in such a case, because the testsis are the by far most pain sensitive parts of every men, and men are such sacrifices almost everytime just because of that they have two testsis to explode right away at the beginning of the firy sacrifice. Next to explode are the bones, but this does not happen right away at the beginning, only a few moments after the hodes the fingers and toes start to expose the bones, because all the flesh is bursting away by the heat letting the water inside to evaporate and this causes twenty individual small explosions of which each single one creates enormous pain too each time also still directly after the beginning after the skin explodes. Directly after this grows the pressure inside the head, too, as it is directly exposed the same twenty or more meters high flames from beginning of the fire on, as the high pile of wood with straw in it, not enough to reduce the airflow and the head, but to reach the horrible temperature directly at the beginning, which is needed for the terrible typeof human sacrification.

This human sacrification continues right away with more small explosions, this time it is the flesh from the lower parts of the legs, now exposing the scin bones and wade bones which might explode directly at next, but at first the same happens with the arms and exposes that bones. As now the muscles are destroyed right away, also creating hughe pain with four littly and tiny explosions, which might not be seen from the ground, but are very well recognized by the demon this sacrifice is meant for. He collects all the energies the sacrified human releases and eats them right away to get stronger and stronger by its own. Even without any human sacrifice a demon is a very strong and dangerous spiritual beeing, but with its character not so much different from a human beeing which has experienced that much terrible things and happenings not only at his transformation from a human soul to a demon by the Atlantean gods, but also through the whole middle ages and beyond caused by incredible torture exposed to occupying humans and the occupied demons in the same way, only to get to know the name of the demon and in the rather rare case it was not alreadyknown by them also the calling rituals invented by that demon to be called by it according to the rules creted by the arch angles for demons, to be able to fight a demon by a human if that might be necessarry the one or the other time. But it was never really necessarry, because either the demon followed the rules and only executed the tasks created by the own soul to get them on the right path again. Only might the right path of the soul not have been the same path the church or its parents wanted for them if it was a child, and that created a problem of its own. This often caused the employees of the church or in the other case attacked by another demon or even two, if the two souls the both parants have together, ask different demons for help. A conflict with the own soul can always cause a demon to expose himself and frighten someone up to its bones, but today most often the demon creates sicknesses or accidents.

The demon receiving the human sacrifice is next awaiting the greates explosion of all, the explosion of the skull itself. But first of all is the growing pressure creating increadible pain again, almost as strong as the explosion of skin and testsis at the same time, but this time it lasts longer and grows slowly but reaches increadible heights as well, only this time the longer time makes it easier to withstand, as the long time makes it easier to withstand as a human and a demon too, as once upon a time, a demon occupying a human is sacrificed the same way, only to doube the pain and the energy release, sometimes one demon makes another demon the presence, because to sacrifice a demon this way, if he with stands that or not, because each exposed pain makes a demon stronger, a human aspekt as well, only has the human aspekt not that much experience with such an increadebly by a combination of magic and really hot fire induced pain, so doing so would not only sacrifice a human body and make two aspekts stronger, the human might be broken for thousends of years first and after the release of that terrible moment grow in strength for its future, but the demon aspekt might directly withstand it as many demon aspekts have withstand this right away without any visible damage on them, because they were active as demons of the full middle ages as no human aspekt did, even if a human soul did this over the full periode of the middle ages and the excorcism eriodes even up to today in a much milder but still very cruel way.

After this other bones explode, too, but this causes by far not the same pain anymore as the explosions before, because right now also the brain gets cooked and will not work anymore in transmitting the signals to the soul as it was used to work for the whole lifetime of that human to transmit signals from the spirit of the aspekt to the human body and transmit signals from the body to the spirit of the human aspekt and the occupied demon aspekt, too, as this one is a stronger transmitter and receiver as the original human owner of the body, it may feel the pain even stronger if the other one is attached at the same time, too. Nevertheless, no one knows until know which one feels it stronger, as no one has experienced a human sacrifice or excorcism already from both sides, the demon and the human side, but this might be known in the near future, as demons being the original owners of human bodies might by sacrificed to other demons, too, as a human sacrifice of a human body owned by a spirit of demonic origin might be the prerequesite for a demon enlightnment, as there has no one happened until know, and all other demons nied to accept that enlightment and also the sacrification procedure of the human body now not needed anymore, too, as any not accepting demon might distort the enlightment procedure with his magic and draw back the enlightnment by a hundred years or more. Because of this the planned enlightnment procedure of the Autor Alexander Stein is not fixed jet, as any other demon might change its mind in any moment in any direction from one procedure to the other and right back again, as many humans do, too. 